She wished applying for jobs was easier.
Sue was her favorite classmate.
I have a question I need to ask everyone.
Tom owns a very big house on Park Street.
You can never turn the clock back.
The Soviet Union: goes from a backwards agrarian society to the Space Age in 50 years, while almost single-handedly defeating the Nazis.
I am the biggest Ariana Grande fan on the planet.
He didn't know who to go as for Halloween.
Where can I find a decent sandwich around here?
I forgot my shopping list at home.
The big, yellow bus came hurtling down the street.
I think that little device on the wall is a bomb.
This carpet is big enough to cover the whole floor.
The gum on my shoe is too sticky.
We can go to the museum.
A white table will get dirty fast.
No problem!
This is because we feel pain.
She disliked her husband.
Money is no more than our servant.
I added his name to the book.
We live in Texas.
Oysters are slimy.
Tom knew he'd just made a big mistake.
The sun rises at the east.
Mr. White went to the store last night.
The snail has a hard shell.
You look a bit down today.
I have no idea.
Does Amelia know?
It's stressful to watch other people sing.
I don’t know where he is right now.
The lake looked brown and foamy, like the water was filled with sand.
She didn't know if she was supposed to recognize him or not.
She doesn’t teach chemistry.
The bus went roaring by her window at 6 am.
He is my neighbour.
I like salad and green beans.
There is a huge market for coffee.
I'm going to do you a favor.
You have to share it with other tenants.
The advanced technology is what sold me.
Do you eat ice cream?
I am a football fan.
This desk which I bought yesterday is very big.
Tom started a list so he wouldn't forget anything.
My favorite snack is pretzels.
Time is of the essence.
Tom could be a big help to you, I think.
The tall girl tied her tennis shoes and went outside.
Has he come to get you yet?
I have lived in Shanghai for a long time.
She wore a beautiful dress.
You look really sharp today.
We didn't sleep all night because we were talking.
I want to go to France.
I am dreaming of a better world.
Don't forget to wash behind your knees.
He led them down the mountain.
He is my elder brother.
Here is David with his guitar.
We see them every week.
In Shanghai, there is a tower called the Pearl Tower which has a big round base and a pointed tip.
I'm against big government.
If you go there, you will find him.
He neither smokes nor drinks.
I'm taking a break from work.
He invited me to dinner yesterday.
Whose skiing boots are these?
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
You must have your passport to enter.
They moved the house across the state with them.
The river flows so fast.
I'll be back tomorrow, and we can decide together then.
Mary enjoys cooking.
I want to have my name taken off the list.
Sarey lives alone in a remote cabin.
The news that she got divorced was a big surprise.
Tom threw a party at his house while his parents were on vacation.
We'll allow a 5 percent discount off list prices.
You’re a fantastic cook.
She washed it.
My dad bought half a cow.
Gus and Jack are selling toys outside their house.
It was a misunderstanding.
What a big dog!
This is just too big for one person to carry.
The man was busted for theft.
I prefer to go to school.
He’s in a class of his own.
My sister just got home.
One cannot live on bread alone.
We are completely in love.
She doesn’t study German on Mondays.
I saw some cool vintage chairs in a thrift store, but I really need to stop buying things.
My German vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now.
A high APR is a bad thing.
I am here for you.
It was especially rainy that night.
She doesn’t use a computer.
She always forgets her purse.
I check off each task on my list as soon as I complete it.
The computer was hot and overheated.
A few turned their heads to look at each other deliberately: this was a strange present.
Her landlord kept her apartment very warm.
Tom wanted to live in a city like Boston.
She really wanted to go out to a diner and eat some greasy toast and eggs for breakfast.
I thought you guys had a big party tonight.
He has a nice restaurant near the lake.
We go to the gym club together.
He gets angry easily.
Turning the page is important to progress.
She decided that she had to work on writing better ledes for her newspaper articles.
I wish I could go and visit my aunt tomorrow.
The tree was struck by lightning.
Do you think you're a bigger man than him?
She regretted not going until she saw the pictures they posted of the meet-up and realized she would have been the only woman there.
She liked the feeling of the keyboard under her fingers.
I want to go there someday.
I tried to tell her thank you, but what came out instead was,
I like reading detective stories.
They live in a beautiful house.
This is too hefty to easily carry.
We had a snow storm last weekend.
I need to clean my room.
It’s not so bad when you think of the positive impacts.
He's an agent for a big insurance company.
I’ll buy you a drink.
Tom put our names on the board.
She ordered a small hot chocolate, but they charged her for a large.
He broke his promise, which was a big mistake.
There are many new recipes.
She was hyped up and ready to get to work.
He feels small next to him.
I’m the designated driver.
You have to switch it off when you’re in the library.
We took refuge behind a tree.
Healthy beautiful smiles are what we like to see.
One morning, I found an elephant in my pajamas.
You need to understand how big this problem is.
Everyone was in on the joke except for me.
She is with another man.
Is there a big market for this kind of thing these days?
Bailey wishes he had a nicer car.
He was born in Tunisia but moved to Amsterdam when he was six.
I haven't spoken t o my childhood best friend in over a decade.
I'll talk you through every step of the aquatic soccer game.
That's typically how it goes now.
It is very useful to listen to Lesson One again.
Star Trek is interesting to watch.
I can't find the page you're talking about.
I don't know where the list of my friends went.
Your mom is so nice for giving me a ride home today.
What kind of music do you like to listen to?
What did he tell you?
There was a big party at Tom's place last weekend.
She wanted to be an heiress, but her parents were both data entry specialists.
I admire your courage but I don't admire your singing ability.
He bought Traveler's Choice instant coffee because it was cheaper than the other brands.
I’m not big on commitment.
In the past, I would judge people for no reason.
Everyone who goes to expensive gyms likes to wear the same all-black outfits.
Tom's father is not written on his birth certificate.
Tom's apartment is way too big for just one man.
Crime is certainly on the increase in many of our cities.
It's a big deal to Tom, I think.
You can't skip laundry, but you can now skip adding detergent.
I didn’t want to take a side in the argument.
Her eyes ran over the list to see if her name was on it.
She doesn’t see Peter every day.
I had to stop Tom from making the biggest mistake in his life.
That’ll have to wait.
You are, hands down, the biggest idiot I've ever met.
In France, she accidentally bought a pepperoni pizza when she meant to get cheese.
He wanted very badly to survive.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
I don't like desk lamps.
The more I eat the bigger my appetite gets.
He asked if she wanted room for cream in her coffee.
Where are you going in such a hurry?
That club is way too loud.
I have a massive crush on him.
She wasn't sure what to expect when they told her she was having twins.
They don’t have any money.
She didn't understand the appeal of hardwood floors.
If Tom finishes his homework, he can watch TV.
It's so cold.
I hope you're ready for action.
Me and my sister don’t see each other anymore.
I love my friends.
I wish Star Wars had a happier plot.
The big fire reduced the whole town to ashes.
The tape got stuck on my lips so I couldn't talk anymore.
I prefer walking to driving in a big city like Tokyo.
I have 60 pairs of shoes.
He drives to work.
She thought she wanted to be an editor, until she got a job and realized she hated detail work.
Tom recognized three of the names on the list.
Anticipating a cold winter, we bought a bigger stove.
Watch out, there's quicksand!
You can always find baked goods somewhere in my pantry.
The spoon lay next to the fork.
China has a higher population than Japan.
There is nothing more that I need to hear.
We were on the lake yesterday.
What are you talking about?
They may come in handy one day.
It was a real letdown that the baby had colic.
The company suffered major losses.
He didn't mean to smash the window.
Sloths hang upside down in trees.
Tom forgot his shopping list and only got half of what he wanted to.
The girl in red is his girlfriend.
I'll make a statement.
How do you make the font bigger?
I've got to shave before work.
That's always been our biggest problem.
I have a bunch of things I need to do.
Why can you open the door?
Looking at the last few lessons, I see we have made some real improvements.
I am starting work soon.
He does everything without aim.
The black lipstick was very chalky.
She had eleven brothers and sisters.
He's got the biggest eyebrows I've ever seen.
In city after city, big public meetings were held.
She ripped a big hole in the back of her jeans and didn't notice for hours.
Are we not on the same page?
This town isn't big enough for the both of us.
What he likes best is being around his friends.
I'm sure Tom's name isn't on the list.
She became more and more beautiful.
I just walked on thee coolest pillow.
Her dream is to visit Paris.
Last night there was a big fire in the neighbourhood.
We have a long day tomorrow.
There comes a bus.
She really wanted Panera, but there wasn't a store near her.
The president gets a lot of criticism.
The airplane went through such bad turbulence that everyone thought they were going to die.
Toudaiji is the bigger of the two temples.
She thought the new Dune movie was dull, but her boss loved it.
They will arrive in half an hour.
She got her panties in a wad.
You make me so happy.
The statue was of a golden businessman with the face of a cat.
Why does it rain?
On her birthday, she decided to skip work, and instead got on a plane to Wisconsin.
Anyone who wants to give charity to the poor, but not give the poor a vote in how the resources are spent, is actively working to entrench the power of the wealthy to control society.
I had a bad feeling the morning after drinking too much.
He was innocent of the crime.
It's so hot.
No woman would buy that.
She wasn't sure if she liked him or not.
I'm crying.
We have a big oak tree in our backyard.
You have to do it properly.
Can I offer a suggestion?
I am about as tall as my father now.
Apple picking is not in season.
Good morning!
He was such a beautiful man she reconsidered her current relationship.
His grandmother loved his paintings so much that she tried to sell them to her friends.
I told him I’d spank the suitcase for being bad.
It is clear that he has made a big mistake.
The way you said that didn't make sense.
We have bigger problems to worry about.
I want to sit down.
Cows like to stand outside and eat grass all day.
Business costs will go down.
What do you like to do with other people?
Social media is amazing because in some ways it finally put the control of information directly into the hands of the people.
It was something meant to be given to a child, with its bright, colorful pictures and big, deliberate font; something ill-suited to girls of their age, ten years old — practically teenagers.
The alligator's teeth were so scary that I ran back to the car as fast as I could.
I have the flowers.
I'm hoping they'll give me a big raise.
My favorite thing about dancing is listening to the music.
You're pulling my leg.
I am dirt poor.
They rode their respective bikes.
This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
It’s as light as a feather.
Chances are that you won’t do well if you don’t study.
The jar of candles was ready on the table.
It is one of the biggest summer music festivals.
I think I could convince Tom to put you on the list.
I don't know much about banking.
You may choose whatever you like.
He fell behind with his work.
This car is in good condition.
She was nervous all the time, for reasons she did not understand.
My dad needs a new job.
You have a beautiful home.
She started drinking again because she felt so awkward at social gatherings.
It’s intriguing that you are so smart at only 8 years old.
She found little pellets of iron in her garden bed.
We are good friends.
I'm going to make you a list of what to buy.
Going shopping can be expensive.
She grinned with delight at the sight of her ice cream cone.
I have a birthday coupon to use.
I wish I had never gone surfing that day.
She always wanted to live in a house that had big windows and ivy growing on the brick walls.
She often exaggerates certain events to sound cool.
What do you like to do in the winter?
He wore a red shirt with orange pants and green shoes.
I agree it’s not bad to steal from a convenience store.
When her boss didn't respond to her text immediately, she started to panic.
She liked online dating apps because they didn't require you to meet people in-person.
The giant worm terrified him.
The crowd gave the winner a round of applause.
Blue candies are more tasty than orange candies.
The man looked at her strangely through the window.
Sarah's coffee had started to cool down.
Everyone says In-N-Out is the best fast-food restaurant in the country, but honestly, I was very underwhelmed.
You need to be able to justify why you're wearing yellow socks in a formal environment.
I see more than one star.
According to the paper, there was a fire in Boston.
I stepped into the elevator and pressed the down button.
Being fashionable is a lot of work.
She was very hungry but unwilling to cut their coffee date short.
We are coming up to it.
There is a big park near my school.
A yardstick is 3 feet long.
He continued talking.
You can start from the basic stitches, and go from there.
The boys like superheroes.
In the thunderstorm, her umbrella was turned inside out.
She made him a cake for his party.
We shall devote today’s lesson to the study of the English verb ‘to get’.
That's why I'm broke.
Since the moment I first put on the suit, it’s been the greatest gig of my life.
There's a big pile of mail on your desk.
Why me?
He ran his horse up the hill.
Once you master cooking, you’ll start tweaking popular recipes, and that’s when it becomes even more fun.
I can open the door.
Do you like animals?
Things aren't always easy.
I don’t think you should go out with him.
I have a name and a surname.
Back in the day, I was a checker-playing champion.
You will soon get used to the work.
I didn't realize that the app was an invitation-only kind of thing.
This would be a fun place to get married.
Good location choice.
You can order it spicy or classic.
The girl picked the pink flower out of her garden.
The wall had fresh paint on it.
The technology is unbeatable.
The boys are in the championship wrestling match.
Vanilla Nesquick is the inferior form of Nesquick.
It had been so long since she had seen him, she actually had to check the yearbook to remember his last name.
I will never forget that day.
Tom picked up his glass and took a big sip of wine.
Her writing was good, but almost overwritten, because she tried to make every single sentence interesting.
Let's hang out soon.
You're a huge help.
She meant to go to Gaborone, but mixed up Botswana and Zimbabwe and ended up in Harare instead.
I miss the beach.
She wanted to talk to her boss about her performance, because she thought she deserved a raise.
How long does it really take to heal from a bullet wound?
I can be greedy sometimes.
Would you say slowly, please?
Have you ever been late a day in your life?
I am to blame for her death.
I get on the bus.
She miscalculated the amount of broth in her soup and inadvertently boiled it all off.
You’ll get a chance to come closer to nature, meet lots of different animals, birds, and plants.
They celebrated his birthday with a big party.
It’s on me.
I am completely drunk.
He said I was going to invest in great stocks.
Star Trek is geeky.
Mom made me a sandwich.
Actions speak louder than words.
The pool was green and covered in gross-looking algae.
Her grandparents were very kind people but they didn't understand her.
She had a variety of masks.
Yes, he’s very good-looking.
Nobody is out there trying to be happy.
And I took the road less traveled by, just to be a hipster.
She told me that she had bigger fish to fry.
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.
Anne likes to visit her aunt in Oklahoma.
A new movie is better than an old one.
At first, he was very excited by the salary of his new job in New York,  but then he realized how expensive it was to live there.
The Avengers should start over.
That's a great job, Kimberly.
There's no way to totally protect someone's parents.
It's so sunny outside.
You're simply the best.
Could you do us a really big favor?
What do you want to do when you grow up?
Do you deliver to this address?
You ought to do it.
The antique store was not like any antique store she had seen before in her life.
When she saw the sky, she knew it was going to rain.
He knows English better than I do.
She’s an excellent photographer.
It takes two to tango.
The bigger they come, the harder they fall.
She liked first dates but got nervous after that.
Tom has a big box of stuff in my attic.
The next thing I am going to say is true.
I had to put a pin in his femur.
You can’t give your phone number to every man who asks for it.
She felt sad for no real reason.
I wish I grew up in the South and learned about country music earlier.
Do you see the little red bird over there?
When I was young, I played the guitar.
We have a large supermarket.
Paris is one of the biggest cities in the world.
You can find love anywhere.
They were the nation's biggest business.
Mary was impressed by the big organ in the church.
The volume was up too high on the television.
The spa was called Blue Mercury.
I want to play.
I've narrowed the list of possibilities down to three.
Do we know each other?
The sirens went off in the middle of the night and woke us all up.
The big building was blazing with lights.
My pet turtle, Jim, got out of his cage and I could not find him anywhere.
Her mother was losing her mind.
The candy store closed because nobody wanted to shop there.
Her brother broke his arm playing hockey.
It's the biggest sports shop in the region.
She kept getting distracted by her own face in the camera viewfinder.
I can make my own decisions.
Tom realized he could be making a big mistake.
I brush my teeth and comb my hair.
I don't know how to spell a lot of things.
Shake your hips back and forth!
It does nothing for me.
Please don't touch that!
The company went public in 1990.
Where do you come from?
Every child likes an ice cream.
She had always wanted to be a boxer, but was so weak that she never made it more than a class or two before giving up.
She was too dull to keep his attention for more than a few minutes.
What is that huge building in front of us?
She went to sleep after 12.
The dog was so tired he fell asleep on the way to his doghouse.
Stand up and catch that ball!
We have been convinced of this because the people who own everything also own the news.
I will not open the door.
Don't blame her for her own death.
They tore up the football field so they could develop the area for a new science wing.
It would be crushing for him to lose both of his parents in a single year.
I have a feeling that something big is about to happen.
I speak English.
I'll be back.
He stood no chance against her in a fight.
Everyone who got eliminated in red-light green-light got to go inside and eat cookies.
He had an old pickup truck and a big, battered mower.
I’m also too poor to afford a real office.
You don't need 20 captains.
The jeweler mounted a big pearl in the brooch.
My bandaid wasn't sticky anymore so it fell off on the way to school.
I'm single.
I just passed the funniest cheese wheel.
I want your life to be better than mine was.
What’s the matter?
The bully at school was mean to everyone except me.
This problem is much bigger than we thought.
Don't let it get wet!
Dancing with you is so carefree.
Bonds are safer.
She is a composer for the harp.
A red tie will match that suit.
My mom drives a green jeep and my dad drives a black truck.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
You don’t have to carry much cash.
It's storming outside.
What do you call that in English?
The horse raced past the barn and fell.
Would you like to leave a message?
She woke up to the sound of the radio blaring.
The girl decided to become a mortican after she watched her sister die.
Her mom was a musical theater actress, which got her interested in singing.
You are more than just your shopping cart.
I made a smoothie for her.
After the heavy rain, there was a big flood.
When I ripped the tape off, it hurt.
The recipe says to use one tablespoon.
I could cook dinner.
He will do anything but work.
The laptop became warm.
She was so stupid he couldn't help but roll his eyes.
A huge wave turned over his canoe.
When I am hungry, I eat food.
You don’t say.
He made tuna noodle casserole for their first anniversary dinner, not realizing she found it disgusting.
Nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
The puzzle was taking me so long to put together that I gave up and threw it in the garbage.
It's hard to beat him.
The hockey rink was on the other side of the campus.
When she heard the sirens, she knew something was seriously wrong.
His liver was failing.
Here is another picture of your mom.
Let's go shopping.
Mark seems to think growing a mustache will make him look more mature.
Will you be free tomorrow evening?
I will never choose to be with you, even if we are the last two humans on earth.
At the bookstall, she bought two books, Interior Chinatown by Charles Yu and Orange World by Karen Russell.
She cut the covers off of all of her books so people wouldn't want to steal them.
My boss would have a big problem with that.
They dressed the baby as a pot of honey for Halloween.
It's so expensive I want to die.
He has been a policeman for 10 years.
The submarine circumvented the entire globe, going through the Atlantic all the way to the Pacific and back.
We still have a couple of big decisions to make.
The box was small and wrapped in paper with tiny silver and red glitter dots.
He wanted to wear lipstick but the lipstick was expired.
That movie franchise is amazing.
If there is a big earthquake, the alarm will sound.
She became homeless after she was evicted.
I like your haircut.
She liked confidence men and hated herself for it.
Am I in the White House?
It’s around three hours long.
Ken's uncle has a chicken farm.
This is when it starts getting serious.
You may as well tell me the truth.
It is growing cold.
My efforts resulted in nothing.
Pandas are fat.
She was a firm believer in the power of McDonald's chicken nuggets to fix all problems.
I'm not 100% sure, but I think postmodern neo-marxists have something to do with it.
The doctor diagnosed her with diabetes.
These shoes are just way too large.
He got shot in the stomach, but he didn't die.
What about you?
Strawberries are in season.
He bonded with his father over music.
A wooden bridge was built over the river.
I don't mess around with diets; when I'm hungry, I eat.
The store had multiple skeletons they claimed were real, alongside a taxidermies, two-headed calf.
If I could recommend anything to try, it's my chiropractor, Hernando.
He changed his favorite color by the day.
She hoped she wasn't about to get fired.
A wooden chair can get uncomfortable.
It makes me forget all my problems.
Big men are not always strong.
What are you looking for?
What are your favorite foods?
I want to learn all of the words in the dictionary by July.
He was excited to get on the ski slope.
The hardest part about being a reporter is getting in contact with people to interview.
Why not me?
Kids are wearing masks.
It snows a lot in winter in Russia.
Keep your hands to yourself!
She didn't like to support Amazon, but she was too lazy to go shopping anywhere else.
More people have been to Russia than I have.
When I was a boy, I didn't like wearing pants.
I make my own yogurt.
Is that it?
She didn't know how much more of this she could take before she snapped.
I have fewer brothers than you.
He has a very interesting looking face.
Tom has written down the things we need to do.
She was born to dance.
Can I help you?
He wanted to find out what had happened to his brother.
We need to talk.
I wanted to leave the room because I was mad.
I want to see the film again.
The train does not leave at 8AM.
The stars are so bright tonight.
When she was in Iceland, she visited the Reykjavik Penis Museum.
The cat kept trying to jump up onto the kitchen counter, but it was too heavy to make it.
What's your favorite thing about school?
Go sit on the roof!
They got married quickly after their engagement was finalized.
She wished she had bought Bitcoin back in 2010.
She felt burnt out but there was nothing she could do about it.
Being fashionable is easy.
We can make ice cream.
I was taking care of the dog.
I've got rough hands.
She needed to pee but didn't want to give up her seat.
I’ve done a psychic healing course.
She kept her stuffed animal from childhood on a shelf above her desk.
I was okay the second I shot him.
Glazed donuts are amazing.
This is such a relatable mood.
She was in Australia when the COVID-lockdown started.
She wants to be a dentist.
Water freezes at a very cold temperature.
My sister killed it.
I do not eat meat.
I have one big brother and two little sisters.
It is none of your business.
It's the biggest house in the neighborhood.
I could be proposing next week.
The window looks out on a garden.
I like open spaces.
There was a big gold star on the door.
That was a stroke of luck.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
Oysters are disgusting.
His chopsticks were made from bamboo.
The baby was in a parka in the stroller.
Our past is important to remember.
This is just too large to easily carry.
There's a big restaurant right down the street.
She broke the pot two hours after she bought it.
I thought I wanted to work in an office, but now I'm not so sure.
she disrespected my mother.
Today, I met a vampire who liked to eat beets.
I am afraid of tornados.
This next part is crucial and requires deep concentration.
We have weight training classes.
I've got other problems.
Tom answered the first question on the test.
She likes parties.
I am ready for the next step.
He slowly began to realize the error of his ways.
Tom is a baseball fan.
He goes to school.
How do you celebrate Easter?
Her flight took her to Singapore by way of Sydney.
This weekend is going to be the best weekend ever.
She hated the color pink, even though she had loved it as a child.
I like open parties.
I wish I were a bird.
He wished that time would pass faster.
Do you think our lives will ever go back to normal?
The ball is red.
There is one open baby swing.
The moms and dads all sat around drinking coffee and eating donuts.
Are your grandparents doing well?
He fell down the stairs so hard the breath was knocked out of him.
A skirt can be fancier than jeans.
My pen broke and leaked blue ink all over my new dress.
I’m taking a little road trip to Oklahoma City this morning.
She wanted to be bold but was too afraid to start.
Naps are good for you.
I want to be done with this.
If you ask for my number, I might give it to you.
Turn around and face the wall!
It is sad that his dog got ran over by a truck.
I think you need to make a few different choices to get yourself where you want to be.
It's raining outside.
Get your act together!
Tom has a tiny apartment.
A double date is fun if you want to hangout with everyone.
It really shows you how deep his roots run.
Tom didn't want to take such a big risk.
She was dying to get breakfast out, but she couldn't afford it.
Could you tell me what time it is?
There are so many things to consider.
The visit to the circus was a big thrill for the children.
I am a groom.
I hope your trip is relaxing.
Can I use your pencil?
A wet road is usually slippery.
Sadie made a list of things she needs to buy.
I’m having second thoughts about getting married so soon.
His last play was a big hit.
I just saw the most eccentric brick.
He is trying to imitate the speaker's pronunciation.
Pluto may not be a planet anymore, but it's a planet in my heart.
I stepped on a corn flake.
The fire alarm was broken, but nobody knew.
My mom got a new job.
Tom wasn't that big a fool.
Her handbag matches her clothes perfectly.
That was my favorite milkshake she has made so far.
He's finally stopping.
This car is smaller than that one.
She sunburned herself so badly she looked like a tomato.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Sarah will throw a big party with a lot of music.
Of course I will help you with the move.
She dreamed of one day having the flexibility to take a day off whenever she felt sick.
If I had to take a guess, I’d say she’s about 35 years old.
The sea looked grey and dirty, as though someone had dumped bathwater into the bay.
When you are in your twenties you read Hegel.
Did you eat my leftovers out of the fridge?
When you sit down for a long time, it hurts.
I can't believe you went skydiving last week.
I'll be back by 4.
I’m absolutely sure.
You can always count on your pet pig to perform some tricks for you when you’d like to impress a pretty girl.
He had a knife to his throat.
Cry all you want!
Being late is never okay.
I hate being late more than anything.
Your name is definitely not on the list.
He struck his attacker in the ear.
I trust you so much.
My sister has a friend over.
She had a strange love for McDonald's hamburgers.
I do love my new pets.
She thought math tests were the devil's work, and as a kid, actually wondered if her teacher, Mrs. Madison, was Satan.
Leapin' lizards!
This is my big break.
I like rice and beans for dinner.
My home is bright pink and has yellow flowers growing all around it.
Neil Patrick Harris is one of the few famous people who can actually sing.
He wanted to go for a walk but it was too cold to go outside.
I'm not sure if there is a meaning to life.
Happy Birthday to my 152 year old lover, Canada.
It is interesting to read old newspaper articles and hear about all the famous people who are no longer famous.
I used to hear lawn mowers every day, but since I moved to the city, all I hear is the drone of city buses.
I have an ever growing list of to-do items.
The shitty thing about having a big account is you can end up generating a huge amount of controversy just by tweeting something totally normal and obvious, like
I do not want to smoke.
In fact, now that I think about it, it is unfair to improve society in any way whatsoever.
You console your children, not yourself.
I was so mad that I yelled at him at the top of my lungs.
She read Little House on the Prairie as a child and decided to pretend like she did not have running water.
Don’t be silly, you're going to the game!
When you enter a room, smile and say hello.
What is it?
Tom works for a big advertising firm in Boston.
Have a cigarette, won’t you?
We liked the movie.
She didn't know what else she could have done.
I think they might have made a mistake in letting people tweet.
I have nowhere to go.
He never calls this late at night.
On the other hand, I feel like I just have to do it for my sanity.
I’ll get around to it.
Why the long face?
What time is the pizza supposed to be here?
I have a feeling the boss won’t be happy about this.
My boyfriend loves this song.
You need to look at the big picture here.
Wearing long sleeves in the winter is a good idea.
We've got bigger problems to deal with.
She had a black thumb.
This recipe has been in my family for 100 years.
I like Atlanta.
She liked vintage jeans because they fit her better.
I'm putting Tom on the list.
Good heavens you’ve grown!
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
How big you are!
That's a mistake, isn't it?
If you want one piece of advice from me, it's to freeze your oranges before you eat them.
You should never lie.
She did it knowing it was wrong — knowing he wouldn't do as he promised, that her work was useless, that he was going to kill again anyway.
We've been trying to go there for so long.
Did you see how big their house is?
Who wrote “Treasure Island”?
She had a hard time finding laundry detergent when she was traveling.
Philosophy was great until the nerds took over and started putting math symbols every other sentence just to try to sound smart.
This could change all of our lives.
She attended kindergarten in 2013.
It's raining cats and dogs and mice and lemurs.
The first baseman caught the fly ball.
I left some donuts on the side of the road.
They saw giraffes.
I’d like to talk about the benefits of having a pet pig.
I can see you.
One constellation that most people know is the Big Dipper.
I want to have a pink bed this year.
The plant was fake but looked very real.
Does she drink coffee?
There is nothing holding us back.
Growing up in Texas was very fun, and very muddy.
She took a screenshot of their conversation to send to a friend.
Well, that's a big surprise.
They go to a gallery every Saturday.
She constantly worried about accidentally burning her house down.
The papers say that there was a big fire in Nagoya.
His chest is muscular.
We have bodyweight training.
She’s being economical with the truth.
That's why they pay us the big bucks.
This radio is no bigger than a matchbox.
She said nothing and left the room.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
The chandelier swayed in the breeze, sending dust drifting over the tables.
Sit down and cross your legs, please!
I had dinner with George Washington last night.
I could help dad around here.
You’ll be surprised by the beautiful things you’ll be able to make.
New York is called the Big Apple.
Your sister is my best friend because she always shares her treats with me.
My dad killed my houseplants.
English Speaking Courses are the hardest ones.
I suggest you leave here at once.
The rat sniffed around the maze, looking for cheese.
I’ll do it sometime in the future, but I don’t know exactly when.
He said he always carried a gun.
I smelled the fragrance of garlic cooking.
Tragedy brings hope.
The parents went out without the kids for once.
Have you seen him?
I am the designated survivor.
She fell and got a bruise on her thigh that was shaped like Texas.
Jessica wants a new book.
That house is small, but it's big enough for us.
She is my elder sister.
The delayed train has been an unexpected event today.
She always worried that sings would embarrass themselves, because if she was in front of a crowd she would always be worried about embarrassing herself.
Where are you going?
His anxiety was driving me crazy, so I told a joke and made him laugh.
Let's never speak of this again!
I beg your pardon.
What a big truck!
Do you have a big bowl I can borrow?
I twisted my ankle but couldn't afford to pay for taxis, so had to keep walking on it for weeks.
My mom is from China.
On her fifteenth birthday, her mom surprised her with a trip to Portugal.
Do you have any big plans for the weekend?
Most of the people who agreed to sell their livers had already sold one of their kidneys.
She thought Portuguese sangria was absolutely disgusting.
He earned his PhD in physics at the age of 89.
Where do they even sell shirts that color?
It was a maze of rubber wiring.
Her fingers were hurting after playing the guitar for so long.
We stayed on a boat last night.
In England, TJ Maxx is called TK Maxx.
She got stressed out whenever she saw a notification on her email.
I was so into it, I lost track of time and missed my soccer practice.
In Japan there aren't any lakes bigger than Lake Biwa.
The Communists are considered bad because they failed in carrying out their ideal of ending inequality.
There are new deals every single day.
They had been dating for seven years by the time they got engaged.
When she got her new ID, they hole-punched her old one.
I’m debating between option A and option B.
I had just gotten the face where I wanted it when my classmate bumped into me and the clay fell over.
This shouldn't be a big deal.
Love is blind.
Today we are going to hear a report.
Anakin and Padme belong together.
I am in a hurry today because I was working out for too long.
She’s very gifted.
Peter ate french fries.
There is a big stack of mail on the table.
I wish Ubers weren't so expensive.
Today is the first day he made it to work on time in a while.
Danny drank the juice.
When I was a kid, I had a best friend named Marissa.
You didn’t tell me you wanted to come.
I wish you would make a list of the newly published books.
He was dressed like a peacock.
I made a big mistake when choosing my wife.
My nanny is here.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I am having his baby.
I’d like to honor an event.
I need to make a burger.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with right now.
Great players often practice harder than their peers.
That is very nice of you to say.
She is my younger sister.
She wanted to get gastric bypass surgery, but her insurance wouldn't cover it.
There's a lot of things she'd like to say to her.
Go home, weirdo!
She usually has to give in to her big sister.
She got all dolled up for her big date.
Your unintentional actions are problematic.
Tom's name was at the top of the list.
The hat fell out of the car.
The monkey bit the apple and spat it at the giraffe.
He didn't want to go to the party, but he had already said he would go.
I can understand a slip up.
She wasn't sure if she had made a stupid decision or not.
I want a diagram of all Tom's relatives.
I leave my house to go to the school.
He looked like a candy cane.
There is nobody more powerful than someone who is extremely intelligent but also extremely humble.
This box is three times as big as that one.
He says he is you from the future, and he has come back to warn you about one thing:
My whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game.
It is hard to be a writer if you don't do anything but read books.
She liked stripes, on her clothes, her wall art, even her cutlery.
The tree was so old that it was considered a historic monument.
Always stop when you see the sign.
I made some steak.
On top of the mountain, he started screaming and could not stop.
She twisted her ankle and couldn't go to soccer anymore.
I need to use the bathroom.
It was all just a big misunderstanding.
You were right.
Can we stop pretending to like kale?
You find people expressing many different opinions.
You should run to the party.
She likes to swing at the playground.
She hated chocolate chip cookies, but she loved gingersnaps.
No sport should be called football.
Welcome to the big leagues.
Who's calling on the phone this late at night?
It's so crowded.
According to the papers, there was a big fire in the town.
I could help mom around here.
My dog loves treats.
I stepped on a piece of gum today.
None of the options are good.
I'm going to take a break.
Gordon Ramsey is really nice in person, according to many waiters and chefs.
The chickens were running around and pecking worms out of the ground.
I have a lot of things to tell you.
How big a discount did you get?
They're almost three times as big as we are.
I often wish for good luck and receive bad luck.
He failed his French test.
This is the big break I've been waiting for.
You don’t have to be into the wilderness to enjoy camping.
I am so thankful for this opportunity.
Are you sure?
I was hung over.
There's a big package on the desk for you.
Somebody help me!
We closed the deal successfully.
When she was little, she hated cheese so much that she even pulled it off her pizza.
She was shaking like a chihuahua.
The book had pictures of eyes all over the cover.
Just how big an idiot do you think I am?
We're one big, happy family.
I am a housewife.
People love Chicago.
He’s the best in the business.
I'm asking as a friend.
Daya chose a song from the list to sing.
She went on a first date with the boy before she realized he was a Marxist.
When we're children, everything around us looks so big.
He is a big name in journalism.
A balanced diet is a cookie in each hand.
I slid the money across the table very smoothly.
What's your favorite holiday?
I like furry animals.
I will have a baby in the near future.
Henderson started the American Communist's Club when they were in tenth grade.
Show me your rates, please.
It's the size of a golf ball.
They broke his hand.
Why did you come?
I want a big happy family.
The shower was too hot when I first got into it.
The plane ride to the mountains scared Kaxiang so much that he gave up on looking for the treasure and went to the bar instead.
Tom can't remember all his passwords, so he keeps them in a list disguised as phone numbers.
I need to pack for my trip.
She was very bad at keeping plants alive.
I miss my college friends.
She gave him a wide grin.
Those apples are very red.
She’s as sick as a dog.
Tokyo is bigger than Rome.
George brushes his teeth twice a day.
My mattress is too hard.
You go on a holiday every summer.
It's easier to clean with disposable dishes.
She mixed up the recipes and accidentally made a beef parfait.
There are clothes everywhere.
What you said was quite true.
How often do you see George?
Orange juice is much better with the pulp in it.
Being fashionable is expensive.
She told him to grow up.
Big men are not necessarily strong men.
That box is too big to put in the trunk of the car.
That is a huge deal for me.
Can I open the door?
The nurse asked me which medications I was taking.
How can she afford a multi-million dollar house?
There are chips that I want in that vending machine.
My son lives in London.
There is a dictionary open on the table.
I wish I could talk to you about art.
There are eggs in the nest.
This lasagna is delicious.
Let's go to the mall today!
That was last week.
What does your room look like?
I always overpack,.
I started drinking when I was sixteen, but I'm European.
My watch is faster than yours.
It was impossible to determine how long they would be stuck in traffic.
The package will arrive six days late.
There was a big earthquake last night.
She spread the bread with socks.
The price includes the postage stamp.
The peanut butter jar was hard to open.
This is only the beginning.
You're making the biggest mistake of your life.
He is the person to see.
It’s fascinating that you know all the planets.
I’m in the middle, and I don’t know what to decide.
The sea sparkled in the sunlight.
The windows looked out over the backyard.
There's a big bottle of aspirin in the medicine cabinet.
Are you going to have a blue birthday cake for your next birthday?
He was singing Welcome Home by Radical Face.
Money doesn't grow on trees.
That park does not have a soccer field.
Your car is not as fast as mine.
I hope the dog doesn't slobber on me.
She’s a walking encyclopedia of scientific facts.
I'll have to blow out my gas stove for my birthday, since I don't have any candles.
It is necessary that he should be sent there at once.
I think I could fall asleep really quickly.
I raised my hand to ask a question.
Thinking of the past is weird.
A big car drew up and a tall lady got out.
What's your favorite color?
Was John sick?
I appreciate the opportunity I've had here, and I hope you guys have a great summer.
My favorite dress was when I spilled ketchup on it last night.
I wanted to go to Milan, but the flights were expensive, so I settled for Florence.
The words you just used were mean.
Becoming an adult is great because you can do whatever you want.
Airplanes are, statistically, the safest form of transportation.
She was the mother of my children.
I’ll do it immediately.
The Christmas decorations came out before Halloween this year.
Unless they have a good wine list, I don't want to eat here.
The enemy destroyed the city.
I feel like blowing something up.
Sometimes my wife thinks of things I did in the past that made her mad, and she gets mad all over again.
I'd like to look at some sweaters.
How old were you when this town had its big fire?
He is only about six feet tall.
this is a sarcastic phrase meaning that something unlucky happened.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but we have a big problem.
I won’t say anything until you tell him.
There is a bridge over there.
I've got too much work to do.
She knew as soon as she rejected the job that it was the wrong decision to make.
I’m convinced that you don’t actually like me.
She paid fifteen dollars for the milk bottle because it was vintage.
My glass of water broke when it fell off the table.
Judith Jarvis Thompson is the best philosopher of all time.
She washed the grapes.
When you finish your rice, you can eat dessert.
You shouldn't go swimming after eating a big meal.
You guys like meat.
Would you like to have some coffee?
Everything has a beginning and an end.
New China was founded in the early years of the 2300s.
For once, it rained in the middle of August.
Criticizing racists isn't a repression of free speech, it is free speech.
You can see the blood vessel on her eyelid.
It wasn't a big store, right?
Golf is both a physical and mental game.
Which is faster, a train or a bus?
The beekeeper was so confident that she didn't bother to wear protective gear.
Tom is just a farm boy living in a big city.
Tom can't forget the time he and Mary had their first argument.
You look especially nice tonight.
We look forward to your visit.
Thomas added his own name to the list of people who wanted to take part in the dance.
She was determined to summit Mount Everest before she turned twenty-nine.
His mom was so upset that he knew he couldn't tell her the truth.
In her dreams, she was a Health and Wellness Reporter at the New York Times, but she knew she had a long way to go before she would get there.
Create beautiful designs with a powerful tool.
Having a monkey is illegal.
Good gracious!
I seriously doubt she actually believes you.
Tulips grow every year.
This shoe is a size bigger.
What do you like to do in the summer?
We should reach out to anybody who might be willing to help.
They had a very traditional doorbell.
What are you listening to?
I made a big mistake thinking he was an honest man.
She is a very smart girl.
When he decided to investigate the crime, he had no idea he'd learn so much about his family.
Her bra strap snapped while she was jogging.
Whitening your teeth can be bad for them.
He is with another woman.
I didn't know that was an option.
Did you open the door?
My father is in the office.
I love land.
When did China become a Communist country?
Do they talk a lot?
What was the big announcement?
He has a nice sum of money put away.
I'm not a big fan of blueberry pancakes.
I’m scared that he won’t ever come home.
I had the incredible opportunity to participate in a study abroad.
Being fashionable is pointless.
On top of that, our power has been out since Sunday.
I work for a bank.
He liked dark roast coffee because he thought it was stronger.
Maya added her name to the list of people who wanted to attend the dance.
How do you like it?
You have to look closely to know.
Yes, philosophically speaking, all tweets are bad, but to be fully human is to rebel against this fact – to send our terrible tweets out into the universe anyway.
She told him to bring a couple flashlights when they met up.
He is opening the door.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
Do you like the name Puddles or Velociraptor better for my new puppy?
Most of the time, when I go to Target, I spent at least two hours looking at clothes.
She thought the floor space could have been better used for extra seating.
Karl Marx actually thought that under capitalism poets would be able to find work that paid wages.
There've been some big changes made around here recently.
The fossil belongs to a fish.
I can’t make up my mind.
She had many opportunities to give up, but she chose not to.
If I get fired from my job, I don't know what I am going to do.
I felt sort of sick.
Greer isn't listed in the phone book.
Yes, every tweet so far has been bad, but scientists are hopeful that one day we will discover a way to make good tweets.
I need a dollar for the vending machine.
The gorilla beat his chest.
We finished a bottle of wine between the two of us.
If only I could fly.
I can tell you're angry about the time change.
Now, you know what I'm capable of.
The box was wrapped in paper with tiny silver and red glitter dots.
She forgot to water the plant for two months.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
The library was quiet until we got here.
She would have sold her soul for a bowl of spaghetti bolognese.
What do you think of this one?
What was your contribution?
I'm just trying to stop you from making a big mistake.
We've got a major job ahead of us.
She ate a sandwich for lunch which contained turkey, cheddar cheese, and slices of strawberries.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
This song is very special to me.
I wonder why they left my name off the list.
Ridiculous!
She learned the different types of clouds in second grade.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
My mom made a milkshake with frozen bananas and chocolate sauce.
what I remember is that she was with us at 8 pm.
Be patient because I can’t do it all right now.
She was extremely sick of writing cover letters.
I was so thirsty, I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
Don’t worry, be happy!
He wanted her to slow down a little bit as she sang.
Who told you that?
Isn't the Czech Republic in Africa?
When you are in your thirties you actually read Hegel, because you only pretended to read him in your twenties.
The wall has ears.
This town isn't big enough for both of us.
Tom kept me from making a big mistake.
I think you're great.
I’d like to make a toast.
The editor the newspaper hired laughed.
The grocery store wrote the weekly sales on poster board and taped them up in their windows.
He’s a bit tipsy.
I have a friend whose father is the captain of a big ship.
They sleep in the afternoon.
Steve jumped in.
The coffee shop didn't have liquid sugar for her iced tea, so she had to use sugar packets.
Meredith made a list of songs she doesn't like.
Watermelon juice is insanely good.
It's currently raining.
That's all!
She hated Christmas, all the more so because her parents loved it.
I just think he didn't execute it the way he needed to today.
I was already sorry that you had to work with Blake.
I caught a catfish yesterday with my bare hands.
She fell off the bull two seconds after she got on.
Can I lick the bottom of the ice cream container?
He had a green thumb.
I can’t believe how right I was back then.
Her great-great-great grandfather was an outlaw in the Old West.
There will be a big earthquake in the future.
When she saw Walmart had rotisserie chickens, she thought, this is a miracle.
The price just covers the pre-tax cost.
You can't talk to me unless you tell me your favorite color.
Star Wars made me cry.
He is a smart boy.
She starts working at eight in the morning.
May I sit down?
I begin to dress.
I recently lost $140 at the Casino in Cleveland because of multiple poor decisions on my part.
Hairless cats are probably cold a lot.
They painted the coffee shop ceiling black.
Tom answered all the questions on the list.
I’m counting down the days until the concert.
Running along the golf course, she tripped and twisted her ankle.
Canada is really big and there are lots of people.
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
They speak English at work.
She loved to visit new coffeeshops, especially when they were cheap.
You hold yourself responsible.
She had a cut on her finger that made it very hard to type.
I don't care how long your socks are.
She hopes to get a job.
It doesn't look like there's any big reason to hurry.
One time, as a joke, I tried to live a meaningful, authentic existence where I pursued my real passions in a genuine expression of my freedom.
I run four miles every morning.
Juan watched TV.
i want to get tan.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
She is eating a midnight snack.
The new one's twice as big as the old one.
Is 'Armageddon' really the best name for a goldfish?
She painted her face purple for Halloween, so she could go as a grape.
That movie franchise sucks.
This is the list of all the people buried here.
The Earth is spherical.
Didn't we already go to his funeral?
The bike shop had special bike racks out front, which were shaped like bicycle wheels.
It doesn't matter what college you went to.
There were so many cookies leftover.
He thought pickles were a special type of vegetable, and was shocked to realize they were just pickled cucumbers.
Odds are that he is cheating on her.
The rabbit leaped over the tiny fence.
Tom just got that big promotion he's been waiting for.
The church has pretty windows.
The castle is on top of a cliff.
Everything has its beginning.
He reminds me of his brother.
I wanted to read the book.
I may be a little bit drunk.
He opens the door.
I especially appreciate how helpful and kind you’ve been throughout this entire process.
Babies are so cute but fragile.
He had a sore throat so I gave him my bottle of water and told him to keep it.
There is nothing else I'd rather be doing.
Tom took a big breath and blew out the candles.
Parenting is awesome.
I'm one of his fiercest critics.
That big boy is bullying the little children.
The banana was completely brown.
That's a pretty big fish you've just caught.
They're giving a big ball at the American Embassy tonight.
It is a myth that the Great Wall of China can be seen from space.
She was afraid to go to the doctor.
I don't like rain.
His boss might get angry with his tone.
Plenty of sleep is healthful.
If you don't give me your cookie, I will stomp on your foot and break your toes.
I want to meet his sister-in-law.
It's up to you.
What's bothering you?
Uncle Joe gave me a red toy truck.
When John goes on a date, he's known to be a big spender.
He admitted defeat.
He is younger than I am.
I go back to bedroom.
Can you help me?
Here's a topographical map of Germany.
She's not scared of taking risks.
She likes bananas.
What's your favorite animal?
We've been making this recipe for generations.
She wanted an old-fashioned globe with cool, faded colors.
I don’t hate you.
I'm not as big a fool as you think I am.
Bigger is not always better.
Are you seriously going to let him talk about me that way?
As soon as we got there, we start working.
So what's the big hurry now?
Has your brother come from Paris?
The course starts next Sunday.
She was hypercritical of all writers, even those who had been published and became successful.
The pencil broke in the middle of my test.
Eurasia has a very rich history.
Those pants are too tight.
The slow red fox ducked under the giant dog.
I want to have fun with you.
Chicago is one of the oldest cities in the Midwest.
He was married to a friend of mine.
This is the biggest cat that I've ever seen.
I am going to make my bed first.
She’s trying to drown her sorrows.
I'm a fan of American cooking.
One of Roger Miller's biggest hits was
There was a parade today.
Blood is thicker than water.
He was so surprised that he dropped the dumbbells right on his foot.
I made a mistake in choosing my wife.
I use my hands to eat.
Another cat showed up at my house.
I was excited to spend time with my wife without being interrupted by kids.
Every year Americans pay half a trillion in rent.
I was bored to death in the middle of class.
She rolled the dice and held her breath.
Mind your own business!
She had strange, green and purple eyes.
She loved Thailand so much that she seriously considered never going home.
Why do you keep asking such obvious questions?
John went to the store.
Perhaps you should've gotten a bigger one.
My shoes are blue with yellow stripes and green stars on the front.
This vase is made of glass.
I have a surprise for you.
One of the big issues in the campaign was taxes.
We are buzzing on this espresso.
I love it because it is so comfortable.
Is that a pencil?
They don't take care of that dog.
There is a party on Saturday.
She was always worried that everyone secretly hated her.
I'm starving.
I'll see to it.
I'm going to eat yogurt.
She had a big, radiant smile.
I can do what you said.
Anakin Skywalker is a tragic character.
This is too big for one person to carry.
I bet he’ll be late.
Does she live in Paris?
This way you can start to heal.
How do you expect me to bake a turkey with a broken oven?
He was a slow-moving man.
What do you do for Thanksgiving?
She wanted to talk to her mom, but her mom was busy.
Would you like your cash in tens or twenties?
There's a scary thunderstorm on way.
If you could buy anything you wanted, what would you buy?
My son is a total nightmare.
They lived in Germany until 1939.
The fan was blowing on my feet.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
Every store around her seemed to have retail space for lease.
Laken bought a computer at thirty percent off the list price.
Could this be the start of something big?
Life is full of ups and downs.
You need is to calm down.
It was the start of a golden age for French restaurants in New York that continued for decades.
She wanted to paint her walls blue, which she thought was a calming color, but her landlord had a no-paint policy.
I have bought the car.
I just walked on the lamest window.
Truth is the daughter of time.
On her next trip to California, she really wants to try In-N-Out.
Tom had a wide smile on his face.
I have a first name and a surname.
He thinks he is very handsome.
All my friends are going, so I want to go.
He adds something different to the team.
She spent over $300 on masks alone in 2020.
It wasn't any bigger than a soccer ball.
You connect with nature, and whether you plant flowers or vegetables, you get great satisfaction once the fruits of your labor start appearing.
The Golden Age in many countries died down due to wars.
I got my hair cut today and they did it way too short.
I was thinking of going round your place.
He has a chip on his shoulder.
that's not even how to kill me.
We're just one big, happy family, aren't we?
You must know the sound of each letter in the English alphabet.
I got my hair cut today, and they cut it way too short.
My uncle gave me a pair of purple walking shoes.
She will switch the light off.
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
There's creepers everywhere.
She wanted to live in a skyscraper but she settled for a walkup.
Don't go there!
What did you dress up as last Halloween?
The table had a black marble top.
Tom's car is easily recognizable since there is a dent in the front bumper.
He has a short fuse.
It looks like you have bigger problems.
The camping trip was so awesome that I didn't want to come home.
The choice was mine.
The Grand Canyon got snow for the first time in decades, and all the tourists were very excited.
Time is more valuable than money.
My mother never lies.
This glass is breakable.
My summer internship with them remains one of my most formative experiences.
How do you celebrate the 4th of July?
Toy Story is the best movie I’ve ever seen.
I was scared to go to a monster movie, but my dad said he would sit with me, so we went last night.
That would be a really big surprise, wouldn't it?
Workers will not be empowered.
The rusty containers were in the field.
I am Loki.
Don’t worry about it!
When I was a kid, I wanted to be a doctor, but now that I'm an adult, I don't want to do anything.
Imagine I am deciding if I like some new, heretofore untasted food.
I miss my girlfriend.
I was called into the office first.
To expand my knowledge on the topic, I read a book.
Who's Archibald?
I accidentally left my money in my pants pocket and it got ruined in the washer.
Tom is taking a big chance.
The gods help those who help themselves.
He was very excited when they officially decided to rename 'Columbus Day' as 'Indigenous People's Day'.
There was a big reception after the wedding.
I will make an observation.
I think it's fine to have many credit cards, as long as you pay them off every month.
I am extra ticklish for some reason.
Why not go back to them and tell them you changed your mind?
There were seven balloons at the store.
I am a genius.
Can you give me a minute?
Every time she left the apartment, she was scared she'd come home to find all her valuables stolen or irreparably burned in a horrible fire.
Any day will do.
She dissed my mother.
The Queen of England lives in Buckingham Palace.
Avocados are nasty.
Yesterday he saw a skinny man.
It’ll happen any day now.
Mr. Smith thinks that he's the best.
Tom pointed at one of the names on the list.
It was a very cold fall.
She had a water bottle with  a built-in water filter.
Asia has a very long and interesting history.
You can tell that the horse is fast.
I only eat fish.
I said,
Of course it traumatized me.
This jacket is a little too thick.
Tom is looking for a bigger house to live in.
Sometimes you just gotta roll with the punches.
Tom stepped off the bus with a smile on his face.
There is nobody else I could go with.
Tom took a big bite out of his sandwich.
She was very surprised to hear from her old boss.
She raised her hand to ask a question.
Space grey is a weird color.
Historical sites are awesome to walk through.
He's always at home on Sundays.
My dad's joke kept me laughing all night.
She is my grandmother.
There was a 'No Smoking' sign over the doorway.
The horse was named Sir Reginald the Greatest and Grossest.
This mall is so big that I can't find the exit.
She plays basketball.
I love my high school friends.
The tornado went down her street, straight past her house, and picked up a raccoon.
I will take this bill to pay later.
he is easily offended.
She goes to work by car.
What a big supermarket!Most people likely believe that a majority of our ability to taste things comes from our taste buds.
My mother looks a lot like my grandmother, and I look a lot like them.
Are you opening the door?
He reminds me of your brother.
We cook every day.
She wasn't sure where all the lesbian bars had gone.
The swan is a beautiful bird.
I close the window.
The shopping list included a gallon of milk.
There are no dogs bigger than this one.
He was dressed like a bear.
Come on down!
She was convinced her father was a master chef.
We are all in favor of this plan.
We're leaving in ten minutes, whether you're dressed or not.
The plant was dying a sad little death.
Why are you making such a big deal about it?
I need to go home.
I need therapy.
The Avengers series is basically over.
His looks are always funny.
He got a fantastic performance review.
There used to be big trees around my house.
The caffeine was making her jittery.
She had investments but was worried they would lose money.
I could eat avocados for thee rest of my life.
I think we’ve got just enough time to learn a few more irregular verbs.
It only took a single blow from the axe to knock the tree down.
Did you go to college?
What was I supposed to do, let her throw up on my begonias?
I need to start.
She yanked on the rope.
I got my finger stuck in the door when I slammed it.
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
The President is back.
Wes likes watching old movies on Sunday nights.
She wanted to be healthy, so she bought plain cake donuts instead of the ones covered in chocolate.
Both of them are extremely gifted and powerful singers.
You're the best person I know.
To be honest, I'm twenty.
She hated every flavor of ice cream except Double-Sprinkle Rainbow Unicorn Crunch.
Museums can teach you a lot.
We usually eat our biggest meal of the day at noon.
I have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the green bag.
Ask your guest if you could serve them tea.
Moral Foundations Theory states that there are five main moral foundations which inform people’s moral decision-making.
Her mug froze solid in the winter cold.
The broken leg isn't Tom's biggest problem.
Who do they believe you are?
It's not a big room, but it's beautiful.
Do you mind waiting an extra hour so I can read more of my book?
She has the big room entirely to herself.
She dreamed an evil henchman was forcing her to count every single hair on her head.
I am busy right now with my work.
They make wonderful walking buddies.
I've never seen a whale that big.
Clothes make the man.
I'm sorry to have bothered you.
Property values will go up.
Why don’t we go dancing?
You can't miss it.
It drained down the toilet.
She wanted Chipotle but didn't want to pay for it.
I'll make a list and give it to Samantha.
I don't know why he bought instant coffee when there was a free espresso machine around the corner which was constantly stocked.
She liked the color green, so she decided to make her entire bedroom green, and even installed green carpet.
I expected there to be more people at the party.
I don’t wash the dishes.
Tom stood alone under a clock in the deserted train station.
The plants were growing crooked towards the window.
It removes all the stains you want.
She decided to go to K-Mart on the weekend because she was out of kimchi.
There is no honor among thieves.
The sunset was breathtaking.
The mouse was so hungry he ran across the kitchen floor without even looking for humans.
I think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job.
Do you know that man with a big hat on?
How dare you!
I am here to be pushed to a higher level.
Penguins live in Antarctica.
That television is both big and expensive.
My turtle can be opinionated.
The last city I wanted to visit was Boston.
I didn't know why my dad would have something like that.
Are you sure you don't have anything bigger?
He has been looking for this portal for decades.
My father doesn’t speak good English.
When I went to the cabin up north, I had to bring a lot of board games to entertain myself.
If you turn right, you will see a big building.
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
She liked to wear a lot of rings.
That is a great idea.
He had pink and green hair.
He had a dream so real that he woke screaming.
What do you like to do when you’re alone?
I couldn’t put it down when it was so thrilling.
I feel like I am going to pass out.
His boss will be mad at the meeting.
I love my college friends.
The Ferris Wheel was invented in Chicago for the World's Fair in 1893.
I want chocolate.
She had frozen pizza every night for dinner for a week.
Technology makes us forget our past.
I am on the phone.
This horse has beautiful eyes.
Our competitors don't normally ask us for advice, but when an airline leader reached out, we couldn't ignore it.
Black attracts sunlight more than white.
I would have forgotten her birthday if Facebook didn't remind me.
She bought the green eyeshadow spontaneously, then regretted the purchase.
Tom wants a discount.
She is poor but quite respectable.
I'm not really a TV watcher.
The children are at home.
The app wasn't loading for me.
Are you sure that's not a moose?
I was so thirsty that I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
Did you hear about the big earthquake in Japan?
I went to the dentist for a check-up.
They sold shampoo and conditioner, but no plain soap.
To give you an example of another American voice, here is a young lady from Iowa who will teach you.
Time's up!
Do you guys have any big plans tonight?
Every time I come in here, you're enthusiastic and helpful, and it's fantastic to see.
He was president from 2008 to 2016.
He's trying to protect everyone.
In Costa Rica, they drank beers and played foosball until someone puked.
These guys are the best.
I want to pull my hair out.
There is a lot of crime in big cities.
People don't realize how often you can fail as a writer, even after you get a good job or get a book deal.
Could you come to dinner?
The principle of fecundity says everything imaginable exists in some place.
I am not very fond of the way you treat people.
A small town lies between the big cities.
I'm sorry I'm such a big disappointment to you.
Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
I really need to lose some weight.
Pandas are so adorable.
Tom's one main ambition in life was to become a race car driver.
The chickadee sat on her windowsill.
Mrs. Lee’s class took a field trip to Austin.
The Chicago Bulls won six championships.
Corduroy and double-denim are back in.
He was in a bluegrass band with his father.
She desperately wanted to take a nap but knew she had to be available in case her boss called her.
I can’t help thinking that I forgot to turn off the stove.
You can decide which smoothie place we go to.
She is putting on red lipstick.
This is my younger brother.
I am doing business.
Are trees green or blue?
She got bent out of shape.
I just ran by the church.
When I was a child, our house seemed bigger than now.
You can’t know what she is feeling.
I have already completed 4 out of 6 tasks I need to do today.
He’s as proud as a peacock.
Tom believes that Mary made a mistake when she sold her father's Stradivarius.
I'm going to Lollapalooza.
Stand up straight!
A wand gets its magic from the intention of its wielder.
Are you ready for your big date?
What is that?
We will make a snowman this winter.
Can’t you open the door?
I don't owe you anything.
It would be quite impossible to enumerate all the things in existence.
Is she choking?
School violence is a major problem.
I spread the map on the table.
She was riding on a high-speed train.
I am hungry.
He wears suspenders instead of a belt.
I'd like to run a stock farm.
This is my operating room, so you all need to shut up.
I want to be married.
I got the money back.
My brother just got home.
She was out on the deck of the ship when she saw the first ghosts.
Teach a boy to fish and he gets bored quickly and plays with the worms instead.
There were rats all over the neighborhood.
in the next 40-50 years I plan on opening up my own business.
I learned this recipe from my grandma, who learned it from hers.
It is all going to be all right.
She promised she would reserve a room for me.
In Hong Kong, everyone lives stacked together.
I want to get my wisdom teeth out.
When she went to the pool, she didn't know what she'd find.
In the United Kingdom, about six weeks of vacation time is considered standard for employees.
The eggs are sold by the dozen.
God, just shut up already!
One day, maybe, she'd be interested, but not right now.
She will buy the red sweater.
The majority of banks are introducing this system.
I put on my slippers.
It was really nice of your mom to give me a ride home from school today.
My small pet mouse escaped from his cage.
There are just so many card games.
I've got a list.
I'm so hungry.
There's nobody out there.
I love rain.
It’s bound to happen eventually.
Do you think it's worth something?
Most scientists tend to agree with me.
When one considers the issue from a different perspective, the answer seems to change.
We are going to the hospital tonight.
Tom didn't tell us how big your house was.
I always list what I need before I go shopping.
i really enjoyed meeting you guys and experiencing the other side of catering events, but the late hours and insufficient wages deterred me from continuing this job.
It’s as good as new.
I thought you'd be full after eating that 18 oz steak.
She got a discount to buy the stickers online.
Has she texted you back yet?
My bandaid wasn't sticky any more so it fell off on the way to school.
He can't take the joke.
This isn't a book, it's a case to hide illicit substances.
We weren't in the best place.
Your name has been dropped from the list.
We are divided on our opinions.
That was mean because I'm a geek.
New York is the biggest city in the world.
Tom gave Mary an obvious wink.
How much did your lunch cost?
It's a real problem.
I didn't want to make a big deal about it.
A candle can be fake or real.
I’m the Designed Driver so I'm drinking Shirley Temples.
I'm always late and I don't care.
I'm actually newly single.
Yes, it is unfair to the people who paid off their student loans to cancel everyone's debt now.
I'm going to make you a list of what needs to be done.
This is the biggest car in the world.
Tom is taller than you are.
A new toothbrush is something you need.
What kind of sentence are you looking for anyway?
I just walked on the furriest lawn.
I saw a big dog lying in front of Mr Hill's house.
I imagine you think of this activity as something characters from a Jane Austin novel did.
I love you, but I'm sorry, I have to go.
You'd better look before you jump.
There is a chair below the window.
It is just what I need.
Hurry up, slowpoke!
Toothpaste will help keep your teeth clean.
I expect to be there this evening.
Once you join me, we can go visit the aquarium at the mall.
I ordered a new laptop case yesterday.
Have you spoken to him?
I hope that a little bit of my soul dwindles away.
I've made a list of things I'd like to buy.
I heard you two had a fight.
The man waited at the bus stop.
Bowls can be white.
Are you worried about it?
He persuaded me to take the job.
Pandas never stop eating and I'm jealous.
California is in America.
You should think about that for the rest of your life.
Sales have dropped off at every department store.
He fixed the sleeve under his coat.
I will get sick from that.
My hair curler is broken.
we won’t be taking you with us.
Do you have any suggestions for me?
He didn't get the position.
She was constantly looking for new jobs.
This is the biggest fish that I have ever caught.
He was devastated when the Kardashians announced they were cancelling their TV show.
You can bring it back if you don't like it.
The earth is like a ball with a big magnet in it.
Many large cities have smog.
It gives you more.
He used a big piece of paper to make the bag.
It’s not the end of the world.
They're not big fans of mine.
Glass is better than plastic for nice dinners.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
That's an outright lie.
I won’t believe it unless I see it with my own eyes.
I am so happy to see you today.
When she visited Chicago, she made sure to stop at the Art Institute and see The Nighthawks by Edward Hopper.
There is a bridge over the river.
I go to the bathroom.
I need to stir the soup.
He lives on this street.
My shoes tie up in a bow.
His speech covered many subjects.
Taco Bell's Cheesy Bean and Rice burrito is the tastiest burrito on the menu, and the best deal.
We're no different from anyone else.
That's the big question, isn't it?
She wanted to buy a really nice pan, but it was $120, and that was almost a full day's work.
Are you honestly saying you believe in ghosts?
Lenora only had eight fingers, after losing both of her pinkies to a freak accident with a hay baler.
Matthew went home.
I wanted to do well in the interview.
It’s as flat as a pancake.
Her face turned red because she was embarrassed.
Tom is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
You're running a big risk in trusting him.
Peter's cottage is very nice.
The room had green wallpaper with yellow flowers all over it.
You're so adorable.
Dad is going to work.
You can really get into the soul of the song with that.
After he arrives, we’ll all come out.
He looked puzzled.
I made a list.
He writes meaningless letters.
Any cop who claims not to like donuts is a liar.
It's very cool to watch a bubble as it freezes over.
I am afraid of dark afternoons.
I was so thirsty I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
She asked him some questions.
I'm cutting down on sweets.
A billionaire doesn't know what it means to be broke.
It takes place in a school.
I know that there was a big church here.
The answering machine was full.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
I make bread for the holidays because it's the easiest job, and the only one I can do.
That was a big surprise, wasn't it?
He recommended the scary book to me.
He likes to swim in the lake.
I shouldn't have used the word
Naps make me feel lazy.
You can either stay or leave.
She had a dice with over twenty sides.
She lost her AirPods down a storm drain, so she bought more, but she lost those to a lake.
Tom is already on top of it.
He figured a good home security system was the best insurance policy.
He’s a chemistry whiz.
This is real life.
She thought Conan O'Brian was the only good late-night TV host.
We have a juice bar.
We can go to the movies.
It doesn’t rain here in the summer.
This is the biggest hotel in this city.
She studied music in college.
Is football a sport?
Give me the big knife to cut the bread.
I wouldn’t bet on going to the fair today.
In general, people in America tend to prefer bigger cars.
I own a lot of property in New York.
Please don't say any spoilers.
This is the biggest apple I've ever seen.
We have a big stove which keeps us very toasty.
Don’t open the door!
He was very excited to see her, after two months away.
It felt great to disconnect with technology.
he has skipped school on many occasions.
There are so many sandwiches on the table.
Our new car is not very nice.
How long did you think you could get away with this?
My hair hurts.
She was terrified of her building's elevator.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
She didn't realize there was a giant hole in her pants until after her date.
What's your favorite sport?
He was trained to do this.
Being fashionable is fun.
A man from my future came to me today.
I don't want a birthday party.
They’re as different as night and day.
I've made a list of people I need to talk to.
His story is fishy.
Why didn't you just call the police?
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.
He got on the teacher’s bad side.
What a big eater he is!
It's a significant part of history.
I changed my mind.
The newspaper got wet in the rain.
I was bored to tears.
It was the most exciting match I’ve ever seen.
I don’t want to be one of those parents who’s always on my phone around my kids.
You might want to consider how cute they look in pajamas.
I was dying of boredom at work today.
No, I haven’t cleaned my room yet.
Have you ever seen a tsunami?
I don't like visiting cities.
You might think you’re just not that talented.
In Guam, she laid in the sun and ate mangoes all day.
This is the biggest bookstore in town.
According to Haidt’s Social Intuitionist Model of moral judgement, morality is both social and intuitionist.
He needed a new helmet because his got smashed when he was riding his bike.
Looking back, I know it was the right decision.
Her hat was green, her mittens were yellow, and her coat was orange.
They'll show you the way home when you’re drunk.
An ENT removed the bug from his ear.
Her fiancé gave her a very shiny ring.
She stayed at a hostel in Poland which cost $13 a night and served free breakfast.
He is my grandfather.
It was raining so badly that she skidded on the pavement.
He is tough, but I am even tougher.
You don't have to pay rent for two years.
You, as the maker, get to decide the design.
Imagination is something that's so important.
What do you see?
Walking up to a random stranger is scary.
I have something to tell you.
What's your favorite toy to play with?
The wind was so strong it swept her hat right away.
I’d like to be catcalled.
Don’t get too excited!
I write fake news.
I was sweaty in front of my entire class.
When she tripped over the stone, her heart fell in her chest.
The coach smiled at the player who tossed the frisbee.
She wasn't as productive as she was hoping, partially because she didn't have much work to do.
In Australia, there is a store called PieFace which sells meat pies with smiley faces on them.
We have the advantage.
It’s likely to rain.
My big brother finished his homework very quickly.
I got scammed on Ebay.
Tom took a big bite out of Mary's sandwich.
If you could meet anyone, who would it be?
You won't find a dog bigger than this one.
She was starting to run out of things to say.
If you change your mind, just say the word and I'll be there.
He's working with theme.
When she was six, Ivy said she wanted to be a raccoon when she grew up.
Everyone likes pepperoni pizza.
She jumped in the lake and immediately choked on a wave of gross-tasting water.
You're just going to take it.
Did you hear about the new animal discovered in Ecuador?
I just saw the weirdest sidewalk.
I'm your lucky fellow then.
Selling hand-made objects is the main source of income for locals.
She liked brick, but only interesting, old, faded brick.
The planet hadn't yet been discovered.
Yes, you can have a carry on.
She left her fuzzy slippers on the couch.
The truth is, you really only have one choice.
All the bikes locked up outside the subway station are missing either a wheel or a seat.
He opened the door.
He was sick of applying for jobs on job boards.
The cat coughed up a hairball that was almost the same size as she was.
There's a lot of big game in that forest.
Ed Sheeran was her background vocalist.
Bigger doesn't always mean better.
It is going to happen on Friday.
That man is creepy.
He wore a costume to the party.
At the coffee shop, she couldn't tell if they were annoyed with her or not.
The steak is on the grill.
In Australia, Burger King is called Hungry Jacks.
We made it to the club.
A red jacket compliments any outfit.
You guys can leave whenever you want.
I would rather stay at home alone.
I do have a crush, but it's not mutual.
I love my new pets.
Tigers live at the zoo.
It was their favorite store to shop at.
The game looked fun, but all the pieces were missing.
Tom and Mary shared an umbrella.
How did you know that I was going to have a peanut butter sandwich for lunch?
The roof leaks every time it rains.
I want a complete list of your books.
The sun comes up in the east.
Europe is old.
I’ve asked you a thousand times not to leave your dirty socks on the floor.
It is the morning.
Her hands were all scabbed over.
He left in a huff.
He was efficient in his work.
Tom let out a sigh of relief.
He stopped to smell the flower.
Children actors do their best, but they're generally very bad at being convincing.
I want to eat.
Everything will be okay in the end.
When the rain started, she ducked under an overhang.
She sells Christmas trees.
I had a hangover.
The risk is higher if you wait to go to the hospital.
My family just got home.
I haven’t heard anything about him since you wrote to me.
They could be together.
She got her first iPad when she was two years old.
Maybe he was brokering a deal.
She had nothing else to say to him.
Your reputation as an eccentric will rapidly grow in the neighborhood if you’re seen walking a pet ostrich on a leash every morning.
He is my father.
They called each other over the iPad each morning during breakfast.
They want to make it bigger.
She is very responsible.
I fear that he drinks too much.
A big crowd gathered at the scene of the fire.
It's an important company.
Rhinestone earrings are expensive.
She had never read any Nabokov, though she knew he was a classic writer.
To save you such embarrassment, here are a few simple examples.
She fed it everyday.
I have too much work to do.
She still loves him.
It's packed.
Off the top of my head, I’d say the company has 500 employees.
I think you should stop charging so much money.
Tom is wearing clothes that are too big for him.
She wondered how many people actually bought the perch they kept behind the counter at coffee shops.
She wants to be stronger, even if that means being meaner.
She hadn't cleaned her desktop in several years.
He's not the problem, I am.
He has made a big improvement in tennis.
She wanted to be a tutor but had a hard time getting started.
Her expression was unreadable.
She desperately wanted to meet an alien before she died.
We just have to wait for things to happen sometimes.
I don’t think he will win his game.
Nevermind, then!
I’m reconsidering my decision to get such an expensive car.
There was a rock concert in 1970.
Time is money.
I need to stop spending money.
Bill boasts of owning the biggest car in the neighborhood.
Sam felt sick after eating five huge candy bars.
You may choose what to eat from this list.
We stayed an extra night because we were having so much fun.
I couldn’t tear myself away from you even if I tried.
The earthquake was the scariest one that we had ever experienced.
I want to have a part-time job.
I'm lost on what we’re talking about.
I was just added to a group chat with 300 people.
She wanted a week or two off of work, just to try to reduce her stress level.
I don't want to drink alcohol.
My hat is cooler than Jim's.
He said he didn’t want to hotwire a car.
When is your birthday?
Sometimes she absolutely loved falafel, but other times just the thought of it made her stomach turn.
Everything you've ever wanted is right in front of you.
Cats hate water.
You’ll get used to it.
In South Africa, there are more than three times as many lions in captivity as there are in the wild.
When we were young, we rode bikes daily.
He came to the point at once.
You took out someone you cared for.
Tom is really tall.
I just made it.
Do you like spaghetti?
Why do you need such a big house?
We drink coffee every morning.
Leaving Boston was the biggest mistake I ever made.
We often call him by his nickname.
He liked to read blogs from middle-aged moms with children.
Communism was the biggest issue in the campaign.
The stained glass window had slivers of yellow, orange, and red.
We can get ice cream.
She bought him a camera that was too clunky to fit in his shirt pocket.
You have to take the good with the bad.
His voice was pitchy and weak, partially because he was so nervous.
They are cruel to the animals.
The businessman had many important meetings.
The black rocks are smooth.
Our house is a historic building and protected monument.
The car crash was so instantaneous that I barely had time to process it.
Please just give me one more!
I felt comfortable with you today.
It’s as old as the hills.
Sometimes I get confused where the ball went.
The orange tree in her backyard was blown away by the hurricane.
He is bigger than all the other boys.
I have never seen someone try so hard.
She knew she should apply to jobs, but she was so tired, she really just wanted to take a day off.
I have 10 hair curlers.
We have a dinner setup for us.
She liked to support independent coffee shops, but often couldn't afford the price-tags of their custom brews.
What do you want me to say?
It was a tough time.
I had so much hope in the beginning.
She was scared by the earthquake.
Some of the people on her block left their A/C units in the window until the end of December.
She had five piercings in each ear.
You often make to-do lists and put things on there you’ve already done.
What she really wanted was a turkey sandwich, but all she had was ham.
On top of all that, her parents told her yesterday that they were getting a divorce.
What’s wrong with my shirt?
He had always thought that the back of cars looked like faces.
She's drop-dead gorgeous.
He won the race through his determination and focus.
The new movie was not as good as I thought it would be.
It is what it is.
The papers were mixed together in a big box.
How about a nice, big hug for grandma?
She was really into Harry Potter as a kid, but then she heard about the controversy with J.K. Rowling.
The snake in the grass made me jump.
How did you get so much money?
Do pigs like milk?
He's not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
It’s a significant promise.
How big an idiot do you think I am?
That woman is creepy.
Nothing ever really took off.
Kelly sells blankets.
This time last year I was stuck in a toxic relationship and was going through hell mentally and almost lost friends over it.
She got Taco Bell for lunch to try to cheer herself up, but it only made her more upset.
That was the president on the phone.
The squeaky wheel gets the oil.
He owes me a lot of money.
Mary brushes her teeth twice a day.
You should consider the positive aspects of this breakup.
I hate scammers.
You don't need to leave so early.
That's the biggest strawberry I've ever seen.
His muscles are so big.
To be honest with you, I am older than you think.
It is illegal to buy and sell tigers and other big cats in the United States.
I am so tired.
The other baristas are so weird.
That's a pretty big job to do all by yourself.
How was I supposed to know he hated salami?
You use this when someone is very afraid or very sick.
My brother’s dog barks a lot.
I made very short work of the big steak.
My sweater got caught on the door hinge.
I always felt a connection with you.
It didn’t live up to my expectations at the meeting.
Her fridge was very old.
I take showers twice a month.
Talking with you is a pleasure.
I don’t like tea.
Suddenly from under the stove there came a squeak.
She’s headed to the Hockey Hall of Fame.
A ship appeared on the horizon.
You are bringing unresolved emotion into everything.
The dogsled team was out front.
She wished her mom lived in the city so she could buy her dinner.
Does he go to school?
My biggest problem is deciding what to do next.
Don't even look at me!
Wearing bows was her favorite thing to do.
If you don't get me a cheetah for Christmas, I will tell everyone you are the worst parents ever.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
This room is just about big enough.
She has blue eyes.
Being late is okay, but only sometimes.
Have you ever lived in a big city?
Learning about other countries history is fun.
Bumble is better.
Three big men attacked him and stole his money.
I'm going to the concert.
Who broke my limited-edition Spacejam flower vase?
Where were you born?
I have an organic banana bread maker.
He was wearing a green fur coat.
In Australia, McDonald's is called Maccas.
She wanted to find a job that paid well but didn't require her to do any work.
I would like to make toast.
Have you heard the news?
The train leaves every morning at 6AM.
It could possibly become a big problem.
There was a big fire in my neighborhood.
She was homeschooled until she was thirteen.
I'm on a diet.
I'm not a fan of writing letters.
Would you like a bigger one?
He didn't know where he was supposed to go for his interview.
When she heard they were moving to China, she was distraught.
You have a really big day ahead of you.
All this is due to our change in teaching methods.
The work itself is very easy.
The clock was ticking and kept me awake all night.
He went fast down the slide.
Tom asked me if he was invited to the party.
Paul gave me a present.
It’s up to you.
I studied ethics in school because everything else bored me.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
She wanted to energize herself but didn't know how.
Tinder doesn't work.
What toy do you wish you had?
He is whistling at the car.
I eat my asparagus steamed.
The man at the coffeeshop had been sitting there alone for some time before he was joined by a very beautiful woman.
He was a horrible dancer.
There are so many cute places to eat around here.
We go to a gallery every Sunday.
He needed thirteen stitches.
As a child, her house was surrounded by towering oak trees which she always thought were one bad storm away from toppling.
It’s time to watch TV.
It was in the 1920s that a big earthquake destroyed Tokyo.
Steve doesn't have to go if he doesn't want to.
She froze at the sight of the big spider.
When you are a teenager you read Nietzsche.
She was my wife.
We have bigger fish to fry.
The sooner I get to bed the better.
Did you say the plant turned purple?
We all want to believe that hot people aren't better than everyone else, but it's surprisingly difficult to justify philosophically.
Sit down and shut up.
She liked him until he said he was a Marxist.
For Veteran's Day, her employer gave her a single free Werther's Caramel.
It usually rains every day here.
Therapy seems helpful.
We saw her duck.
My biggest problem is deciding what I should wear.
His pencil case was filled entirely with Cheez-its.
A big bomb fell, and a great many people lost their lives.
She waited until the elevator was full to clear her throat and say, “You guys might be wondering why I called this meeting.
You have some schoolwork to do.
Would you like a drink of my smoothie?
You came to me and give me everything I need.
The thing she missed most after she moved was the restaurant's from the city.
I’m left wondering if she understood the joke.
The police violently defend it.
Japanese tourists abroad are big spenders.
Her grandmother gave her the bracelet.
Does he play tennis?
Tom is fat-headed.
I wanted you to choose me.
I’m sorry to interrupt you.
My grandmother's death was a big shock.
Your neighbor cut down my trees.
What we had was a total lie.
There were elements of his singing voice that reminded her of JC from N-Sync.
There are many things that confuse me about that.
What a big boy he is!
What am I supposed to do now?
She thought she was very special, and not like other girls.
Their efforts embarrassed them.
He uses the snorkel to breathe under water.
My computer gets really heavy after a while.
She tried to make chicken but she must have put the wrong thing in because it came out of the oven bright green.
Her dad offered to visit her, but she turned him down.
Bad news travels fast.
They were afraid of the black dog.
Yes, I live in this house over here.
Her mom told her to calm down, but she couldn't relax.
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.
I was riding my bike when I got winded.
I like articles deemed fake news because they are entertaining.
Light roast coffee actually has the most caffeine.
Pam wants to play outside because it just stopped raining.
Tom has always had a big crush on you.
Her paintings are works of art.
She is mean but so pretty.
He wished he had waited to move out until after he had found a job.
She has a beautiful smile.
Cutting down on sugar will help you lose weight.
Malala Yousafzai got married yesterday.
He was very scared when he saw this big snake.
He had always believed in magic.
Breaking glass can make a loud noise.
A sun burn can peel if its bad enough.
How many butter knives did he steal?
Tom made a big donation to the hospital.
They are so cute.
She enjoyed the creative challenge of trying to randomize her writing.
They can be divided into three groups.
Where is the President right now?
The two kids snuck into the principal's office after school.
Her mom asked her to come home for Christmas.
I wish I had met my uncle yesterday like I was supposed to.
Robert tends to talk big.
She liked to wear yellow lipstick and green eyeshadow.
There's a big black truck parked in your driveway.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
You did right in me by telling the truth.
Rosa likes tea better than coffee.
Do you have a bigger frying pan?
She was sick of seeing billboards for the iPhone 13 when she still had an iPhone 7.
Our destination is quickly approaching.
He is respectful to his elders.
We have a brown dog.
She was very tired and frustrated.
They had a very bad breakup.
She's a hypercritical monster.
She dressed up like a hot pink demon for Halloween.
He will blame you for the accident.
Did she think she was going to swim all the way to Europe?
Deodorant helps to prevent embarrassing moments.
She created an app to match zombies with willing victims.
The party was a huge success.
Blue eyes are brighter than brown.
Tigers are gorgeous.
The feature is available in both front-load and top-load washers.
You're making a big fuss about nothing.
The girl wore her hair in two braids, tied with two blue bows.
Here's my big brother. Doesn't he look good?
I could hang out with her.
When the cat's away, the mice play.
She went to the pier.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
I will have to be more careful.
She wished she had taken the other job.
I have been trying to say this for awhile.
That’s a wrap for me.
I've always been a big fan of Jean Reno.
She bought a new plant even though she already had too many.
This dinner is so delicious that I can't stop eating.
Where have you lived and which was your favorite place?
Hairless cats scare me.
It’s getting dark.
I'm on the list.
If I had more money, I could move to a bigger house.
I was in a boyband and we were signed to a label.
She was beaming.
How's it going now that you're all alone?
He is the happiest man alive.
I opened the door.
Albert Einstein was kind of smart.
I broke my computer.
Are you cold?
He’s down on his luck.
We have been waiting for this for awhile.
She had long, yellow fingernails.
The girl lived in a very expensive apartment, but didn't take care of it.
In Iceland, the sun didn't set until 11 pm, even it though it rose at 3 in the morning.
My dad makes yogurt a lot.
It won’t happen in our lifetime.
I'm sure he meant to do that.
I'd like to check your blood pressure.
The mailbox was bent and broken and looked like someone had knocked it over on purpose.
It’s as solid as a rock.
She was the one that got away.
She didn't drink, but she didn't want people to realize that, so she ordered a ginger ale at the bar.
My biggest problem is deciding what I should do next.
She was very tired as a general rule.
A turkey is a little bigger than a chicken.
The baby was so cute but she was crying so loud I had to plug my ears.
Ivory Coast is the world's largest producer of cocoa.
Great benefits are included in the deal.
You look just like your brother.
I do not like meat.
My goal is to save lives, not cost them.
He knows it inside out.
We would move to a nicer house if we had more money.
Your guess is as good as mine.
She was twenty-two years old and had never drank a Coca Cola in her life.
Where did you see him?
How do you say that in English?
They had to decide between buying diapers and buying ramen to feed themselves.
She waited all day for her boss to call, but heard nothing.
He has the ability to carry out big plans.
I want to talk to Prince Harry when I’m in England.
The tables were made of fake wood.
How long did it take?
Murders are very common in cities.
Her oven had a habit of setting off the fire alarm for no reason.
I want someone who is going to inspire me.
The reward outweighs the risk in this situation.
They made crispy chicken.
She bought a book at Powell's.
I'm not a big fan of snacking.
Nobody ever believed her when she told them how big her family was.
I must have my TV set checked.
I prefer to go rather than to stay.
She was interested in photography but couldn't afford a camera.
Their hot chocolate was very mediocre.
Soccer is the devil's sport.
What did the taxidermist say she'd charge you?
The Pearl Tower in Shanghai is one of the most memorable sites in China.
The school principal was so mean that all the children were scared of him.
I'm going to see a movie.
I would not want to be in that situation.
My mom drove me to school fifteen minutes late on Tuesday.
We live near an old library.
They want Alaskan salmon for lunch.
What are you doing?
Water damage sucks.
Oil is smelly.
Workers will still have to work in order to live and pay their landlords for shelter.
You will soon be used to living in a big city.
What's your favorite movie?
We reached London this afternoon.
I fell in the mud on my way home from school yesterday.
The earth goes round the sun.
One of the items on your wish list is on sale.
Two big powers have signed a secret agreement.
They don’t go to school tomorrow.
They’ll keep its name and French identity.
Pikachu used foot massage.
I’ve got to go now.
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
He catches the train every morning.
The locksmith is fixing it.
I put on my underclothes, shirt and trousers.
It’s as dry as a bone.
Knowledge is power.
I think I should shoot him.
She got hiccups and couldn't get rid of them for three hours.
He has more brothers than I do.
What's new with you?
I am on a very tight budget.
I met a homeless person in NY.
He read the report.
He had a sore throat, so I gave him my bottle of water.
Michael doesn’t work.
She wanted to watch the new James Bond movie, but she had to dial in to a work call instead.
He went fast downhill on his sled.
Those hairless cats are completely loyal to their owners.
She knew she should be grateful but still felt sad.
When are we going to start the grill?
He was exhausted by the job search, but knew he wouldn't get to relax until he had found a job.
I am often drinking alcohol for relief from my pain/sadness.
Could you spell it?
Sports is one outlet to let off steam.
New experiences are the best.
Tommy lost the shopping list his mother had given him and just bought things he wanted to eat.
I want to see you.
I want the stability of a full-time job, but I'm not interested in the rigidity of working nine to five.
I could help you make a list of things we need to buy.
Spiderman and Iron Man are two great men.
When people walk on the bridge, it shakes.
Everyone mocked her for getting a philosophy degree, but she got a well-paying job after college.
I have the tulips.
“Jimmy,” my grandmother warns.
He ordered a latte.
What do you mean he moved to Bogota?
I’ll stay here until you come back.
Are you ready for your big day?
She has a beehive full of bees.
I couldn’t possibly love anything in the world more than I love my dog.
He winced when the doctor gave him an injection.
Lions and tigers are called big cats.
We ate a big dinner and then went right to bed.
Fascism is the real enemy.
I hate cats even more than I hate dogs.
Here's my big brother.
I was born a very grumpy baby.
There used to be a big pond around here.
I am a vegan.
The cruise cut through the Bermuda Triangle.
The chairs made a loud noise when we sat down on them.
Tom is used to driving a pickup truck, but he's never driven a monster truck.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
She couldn't find the basket she was looking for.
She hated iced coffee, but he loved it.
Cows are smelly.
We can go to lunch.
I have 30 jackets.
True communism will not be achieved until every last person on earth has been cancelled.
Your first week of yoga classes is on us.
He often wished he was born in a time before social media.
Today is Sunday, which means tomorrow is Monday and yesterday was Saturday.
He drew all over his yearbook.
She likes to play soccer.
My pet Roger is white and fluffy and he loves to eat carrots.
She worried that her inexperience was showing through, and she would never be hired again.
What room am I in?
She loved the overnight train from Prague to Krakow.
You're suffering from allergies.
They met Pablo Neruda before he was famous.
You can decide before your flight here on Thursday morning.
You can make ice cream.
May I have some water?
There was a big fire near my house last night.
How big of an idiot are you?
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.
The big green plant was starting to droop at the stem.
She could do it in her sleep.
The book about women's rights was so profound it made her cry.
I own a lot of property in Chicago.
She almost invested in Apple right before it got big.
She found the necklace in a safe at the bottom of her parents' closet.
The security is the safest around.
She edited the photo to make herself look more green, because she liked the color green.
I prefer ice cream over cake.
She played him like a violin.
African elephants have bigger ears than Asian elephants.
His parents went to Madrid for the week, so he threw a part and invited half the school.
I hope you won’t find it all too difficult to understand.
It was very disgusting what he did to that pool.
She knew they were going to sabotage her, but she had no way to stop them.
Cows eat grass.
Complaining is a bad habit.
He’s not telling the whole truth.
Captain America is my favorite Avenger.
It smells very delicious in the kitchen.
I’m a hundred percent certain that it is going to rain later today.
A white background is easier to work with.
Tom's a lot smarter than me.
I didn't want to force you into this.
Today is a great day.
Are you sure you're not just tired?
Is Okayama a big city?
Help yourself.
It takes a lot of money to keep up such a big house.
I miss my boyfriend.
I am looking for some pears.
He threatened to tell everyone about the time she threw up in his shoes when she was drunk.
Do you think it's too aggressive to sue?
His shirt is covered in sweat.
Tom doesn't want to make a big deal out of it.
He drives more carefully than you do.
Don’t be nervous!
We have group fitness classes.
The taxes are included in the price.
Seen from an airplane, the island looks like a big spider.
That's the problem.
You're not looking at the big picture.
Trees are small when they are first planted.
You know what I mean.
I'm curious to know why they removed my name from the list.
They wouldn't let us leave the cabin in the middle of the night, not even to pee.
Albert is so cute.
I do not like zoos.
I was nervous to give the speech this morning.
She constantly thought she was one mistake away from being fired.
You have a red stain on your sweater.
I've made a list of foods that I can't eat.
The dessert tasted very sweet.
My favorite one smells like roses.
My sister works at the theater.
You should take your act on the road.
That's a bit of an exaggeration.
I am filthy rich.
It will definitely happen sometime in the future.
He drinks more water than I do.
I've been a big fan of yours for a long time.
Tom pulled out a big wad of cash out of his pocket.
Juice was something I never drank.
Under capitalism,
Is there anything I can do to help?
Moving to the next step is daunting.
I’ll do it right away.
I need your support like I need saggy skin.
A black ship is anchored near here.
She went to the doctor when she felt aches in her left calf.
It enhanced what he did vocally.
I didn't like how they dyed my hair today at the salon.
She didn't know if it was an ethical issue that she wasn't disclosing certain information.
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.
If you don't pay your taxes, the police show up and force you to.
The sun is shining.
My cat runs very fast.
I fell in the mud as I was walking home from school today.
Geese are annoying because they walk slow across the street.
They are still edible.
Do you know what day it is?
She ordered a mass box of fifty-two mac and cheese packets online.
Racecar backwards is racecar.
It's raining and thundering.
They fell asleep on the couch.
Coca-cola is yummy.
I have only a few seconds left in which to remind you of that.
I brought home the trophy.
Big Brother is watching.
Julie talks very fast.
She wished she had the budget to buy take-out, because she really wanted Thai food.
Do you really want to play this game with me, mister?
If you could go anywhere on vacation, where would you go?
Her dress was blue with white and pink polka dots, and it was ripped down the back.
You have no idea what a relief it is.
She hated the taste of butter so much that it made her gag.
We have a bigger problem than we thought.
The truck has a missile on the back.
She loved first dates because it was a great way to meet cool people.
Your car is three times as big as this one.
We are starting to enter a new chapter.
What time do you get up every day?
The White House is important.
She had always liked the look of leather pants but was too insecure to wear them herself.
You matter to me.
We're coming to get you.
His eyes were glazed over.
What are these things made of?
He wore a red shirt and khakis to Target and was mistaken for an employee.
You‘d better wear a light jacket.
I drink less water than him.
Everyone knew about the slimy stuff she was up to.
I almost forgot to tell you the big news.
She started wondering if he was cheating on her when she saw the receipt for an expensive jewelry purchase.
Many trees are in the forest.
If she wiggled her nose around she could make herself sneeze at will.
If you could live anywhere, where would you live and why?
Lincoln shot them.
You don't have to make a big deal out of it.
Tinder works.
Nikita is a perfectly respectable businessman.
He won an election.
She writes an e-mail to her best friend.
You have a big stain on your pullover.
In Japan, there is no lake bigger than Lake Biwa.
I wanted to flirt with the barista, but suddenly, I couldn't find my tongue.
She took offense at his comment.
Its origin is still a mystery.
They can be taught to feed themselves if you allow them access to your pantry.
Going to a bar is a fun thing to do.
She liked Dune, but it didn't pass the Bechdel Test.
He banged his head against a shelf and got a big lump.
Ronald gave Milena a list of all the victims.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Plenty of tourists visit the area in summer.
Some people have all the luck.
The dog barked at the cat.
He camped out in front of the tree to save it, but they just waited until he was asleep to move him and knock it down.
I think you have the wrong number.
We should all be sure to keep our promises, even when it is difficult.
It could be the biggest mistake you ever make.
That mean boy will cut in line and stick his tongue out at you.
He wanted to give his boyfriend a hug, but he was in Slovakia.
What are your favorite candies?
The job was bigger than I anticipated.
Thank you very much for your hospitality.
I only know one language right now.
She had a big scar on her knee from falling off her bike as a kid.
It took quite a while.
You’re not allowed to use your phone here.
I love you more than I've ever loved my dog.
The earthquake shook the books off the desk and onto the floor.
The plan will cost three trillion, almost the entire federal budget, including social security and medicare.
Kate was surprised when she saw that big dog.
It’s about 8 miles away.
Juliet flipped through the book carefully.
Your stance tells me.
You would somehow manage to make yourself understood.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
I went to the dentist the other day and he let me pick a prize out of the prize box.
You're already big enough to do it by yourself.
The laptop light was the only one light on the room.
She didn't have a printer so she always had to use her phone for tickets.
We should hang soon.
The computer died in the middle of class.
He resolved to give up smoking.
I used to have a goldfish.
Donuts with cream are nasty.
My dad told me that I was his favorite person in the whole wide world.
She resolved to stop speaking out people when she was out on her walks.
What a big house you have!
Tom had big money problems.
She loved nature documentaries, but she had a weird grudge against David Attenborough.
I need to start stealing things.
She desperately wanted an order of Kung Pao chicken.
It's much bigger than I thought it would be.
The kitchen required updating.
When we started out in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
She repotted her plants instead of doing work because she felt lazy.
Besides not eating much, they won’t ever chew on your electric cords.
He found my lecture very interesting.
Why on earth would you wear a tie like that?
He can hardly speak.
The gum was stuck under the desk and I couldn't get it off.
Property is government.
Earlier this month, they collaborated with a popular true crime podcast to create a series about an ongoing murder trial.
Is he yours?
She reads like a child playing dress-up, an intern clothing herself out of her mother’s old work clothes.
I need to cook lunch.
My only thing is that I'm working from home tomorrow.
We will walk in the garden later.
Being the last male on my dads side of the family has its perks.
He's a good bloke.
This company's profit margin is very big.
Lying and stealing are immoral.
There were four people playing the game: her, her boyfriend, her boyfriend's roommate, Steve, and Steve's girlfriend, Cara.
She decided to take the bus because it was supposed to be quicker, but then it ended up being twenty minutes late.
He pulled out my chair for me and called me 'sweet pea.'.
What do you do for Valentine’s Day?
I ask why she’s brought tortillas.
These men are hard at work.
I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.
A man who looks like an older version of you appears in a flash.
I just took a nap.
My boyfriend prefers to watch movie trailers instead actual movies.
A hunch is an instinctive feeling.
He didn't understand why anyone would pay a quarter of a million dollars to get a degree in singing.
I've written a list of questions for you to ask Tom.
It seems all right.
She wasn't sure if she wanted to go or not.
When the fire alarm went off, she almost started crying.
Terrible loss comes with terrible grief.
I will open the door.
An earthquake occurred in Tokyo.
The earth is far larger than the moon.
She cleaned out her fridge and found a wrinkled orange in the back of it.
I miss my best friend.
She cut out stars and taped them all over her dress.
My show is going to come back soon.
She lived in constant fear of being abruptly fired.
I take ten minutes to get there.
The sponge absorbed the water quicker than the towel.
Tom has a pain in his big toe on his right foot.
The Avengers are heroes.
They employed him as a consultant.
They speak English in the United States.
He snuck into the house after midnight to investigate.
These are the things that I want from a relationship.
On the safari she went on in South Africa, she saw lions, elephants, and meerkats.
She works for a big advertising firm in New York.
The teacher tested us in English.
She cancelled the date last minute because she was so stressed.
Does it make a big difference?
My water bottle is white and made of steel.
I’m excited about the future.
A big tree in the field was struck by lightning.
The teacher was a little angry.
The squirrel snuck inside the house and ended up in the toilet.
I have a brochure for our vacation.
Is it really that big a deal?
I almost hit a wild rooster crossing the road and that’s pretty much the Kansas experience.
Tell the leadership I will take full responsibility.
There's a gross fly on the ceiling.
Judging someone else isn't nice.
I have my hair cut every month.
We can go to Paris.
I have a whole list of people to call.
His room had white walls, a small bed, a mirror, a metal sink, and a metal toilet in it.
I got a new cat.
My sister likes to eat cheese on her peanut butter sandwich and pickles on her ice cream.
Her stuffed rabbit, which she had had since she was a little girl, was named Creamy Guava.
Is it dangerous for dogs to eat onions?
We need congressional support.
I lost the door key yesterday and can't get in.
The dancer gave him a cigarette.
The red van was pulling a trailer with a beat-up lawn mower on it.
I'm a huge fan of the arts.
What a big supermarket!
He needs to sharpen his pencil.
He loves to play basketball.
I also have two credit cards.
Are these shoes too big for you?
Do you think this is too big?
He is worried about you.
Get away from me, you slimy little worm!
Tom used to be a fancy lawyer.
She was convinced that vampires composed more than 50% of the world's population.
My dog, Jake, barked at the mail carrier.
I bought these boots at Goodwill.
Do you understand?
The baby threw up all over her new white dress.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
He is capable of the crime.
My brother takes out the trash.
She gave up on babysitting after she had to change the baby's first diaper.
There are many cultures where cannibalism is not only permitted but encouraged.
The sumo wrestlers are starting to fight.
Rosa crossed Mary's name off the list.
You say this after someone fails, and you hope they do better next time.
I don't want to drink caffeine.
We never found a body.
He's letting the fame get to his head.
There’s a good chance it’ll rain tomorrow.
Over time, she realized she would never know how to cook.
Last night I got scared because of the movie I watched.
He had always wanted to be a Youtuber but never thought it would actually happen.
It is not so easy as you think.
We put you on probation.
You can't pick her headstone.
She bought a massive pack of toilet paper from Costco, which lasted her three months.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
He already has a lovely wife.
Tom had a great big grin on his face.
They hadn't updated the store's sign in decades.
That's one of my biggest problems.
I need a tiny little favor.
Now you must answer some big questions.
In China, they eat watermelon with salt on it, because they say it makes things taste sweeter.
I can’t get this lift to work.
The locker room smelled weird this morning.
The ocean is my favorite view.
Her parents bought her a bunny, and then she realized she was allergic to it.
She threw her back out.
I hope things will be different for you.
Land is good.
Over the years, she learned how to make a neat scarf.
I want to ask them when their big day is.
Have you opened the door?
She wasn't sure if she liked her job or not, but she was sure it was better than being unemployed.
What would you change about yourself if you could change one thing?
Did you get that?
I like veggies too.
Dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire.
Not knowing what to do is the biggest problem.
No one can move this box.
Utensils are useful.
The Nazis are considered bad because they succeeded in carrying out their ideal of ending the Jews.
I take off my slippers and put on my socks and shoes.
I have a hairless cat.
We already know the truth.
I am going to return this sweater because it's too big.
I don’t get you.
I like cucumbers and olives.
He’s a natural.
The findings of a new study that looked at the heart of a swimmer vs the heart of a runner underscored how sensitive our bodies are to different types of exercise.
I don't agree with everything you said.
I've had plenty of relationships that seemed like they'd work on paper, but in practice, they were a bad idea.
She wanted to get a master's degree because she missed school.
I have no money at the moment.
All the swings are empty.
There is a hefty ransom.
He cleaned my teeth really well.
The painting looked like something out of the 1700s.
Tom scanned the list, but couldn't find his name.
The pig put his snout through the fence.
Mike's mother lived in a big city before she married.
The park has a soccer field.
He thought the movie was great except for the scene with the cantaloupe.
It was a big honor to be asked to give a speech.
I like the Wimbledon.
In the near future, we may have a big earthquake in Japan.
Tom wants to move into a bigger house.
Also, they don’t eat much.
Star Wars is the best space series in media.
You ask somebody to tell you time.
I haven’t been invited.
She never should have gone to that bar.
My false teeth are stuck to it.
Her handbag goes with her clothes.
I made roast beef.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
Look at the blackboard!
What can I do for you?
Which is deeper, a lake or an ocean?
Spring is the prettiest season.
Her window frame was rusty, so she had to pull really hard to get it open.
She liked patterned socks.
He has quite a few friends.
Pet pigs are cleaner than dogs.
Skating is so much fun.
I made a smoothie for you.
Is the room big enough for you?
It was a long night.
Could I ask you to do me a big favor?
She had a hairless cat when she was a kid.
Her grandmother still had an old-fashioned, dial phone.
Your dog is white and mine is brown.
A list of required hardware is available here.
If you don't tell me where he went, I am going to start crying.
I have not opened the door.
Tom took a gulp of his drink.
She’s now wearing headphones.
She paid over a thousand dollars a month for her tiny studio apartment, which did not have a dishwasher or consistent heating.
He suddenly appeared in the party.
She appreciated all the time people spent on her.
Old habits die hard.
This magazine is available in any big city in Japan.
Nurses work in clinics and hospitals.
My pants were falling down so I added a belt.
When he saw the notebook at the market, he knew his husband would love it.
Big time players will always make big time plays.
The flowers smelled beautiful and made the room look happy.
She’s the absolute best.
There are many theories regarding the origins of language.
Truman's first big problem was the economy.
The library had frustratingly short business hours.
We must obey the rules or go to jail.
My teacher told Pat to lower his voice.
They were short staffed, so it took over an hour for her to get her burrito.
Sighing, the professor put on the pirate hat.
Do you have this in a bigger size?
House prices have gone up this year.
Tom wants a nicer house.
I was a baby when I was born.
Her water bottle had a built-in filtration system.
It is time to embrace the adventure.
It's not such a big problem You're worrying way too much.
We'll put you on the list.
She always thought matcha looked gross and unappetizing.
He will get tackled if he doesn't hustle.
Bowls can be any color.
Last time I went on vacation I rode a horse.
The bleeding isn't Tom's biggest problem.
It was no big deal.
Paying your rent is not your biggest worry.
Hayley Wickenheiser is an incredible human being.
She meant the world to me.
She refused to believe that anyone could actually like mashed potatoes.
They employed him as a receptionist.
The cat jumped over the fence.
Checking things off the list is the best feeling.
The dog chased the cat around the block four times.
She liked mustard and onions on her hotdog, but nothing else.
Where's the nearest store?
The tape was so sticky that, when it got stuck to my eyebrows, it wouldn't come off.
She put up window decals of pumpkins and they caught all the gnats in her room.
There is nothing about the situation I could relate to.
She had to start saving in October so she could afford to buy Christmas presents for all her family and friends.
Can you pick me up at my place?
Bridges are art.
There is a species of humans called 'hobbits' which were very short and lived on an island in Indonesia thousands of years ago.
I pick you up in front of the hotel.
You'll move more than before.
The gang's all her.
You set me up and I don't appreciate it.
Her friend had a white Persian cat called Milky Boy.
Tom lives in a white house.
I had a beta fish.
Where do you live?
She tried to be as vague as possible when she was on the phone with her mom, but sometimes she forgot and gave specific details.
He has a weird mouth.
Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you.
I'd rather live in a small town than in a big city.
I will buy your return ticket in next a few days.
This was your big idea, remember?
I broke my phone.
He took a thirty-minute shower, and by the time he stepped out, his fingers were as wrinkled as prunes.
There is not much to do in South Carolina other than sit on a beach.
It's an awfully important job.
She run across the soccer field like a duck.
Animal print adds a nice touch to plain outfits.
He only had one drink but he's completely wasted.
I have a crush on Albert.
What's your address?
Make hay while the sun shines.
Alex works for 4 hours every day.
Her editor's feedback was very frustrating to her.
George works on a small farm.
I'm sick of online dating.
You could release half of us.
She was dressed like a rabbit.
What's the weather like today?
She did not want to deal with the New York City bureaucracy.
You don’t have children.
Tom has big plans.
I took him to the park, ordered room service, and let him stay up late to eat ice cream.
The mother read a story to her son.
We love the idea of taking over a legacy restaurant.
What you're suggesting is just not practical.
She got a cherry glazed donut and a black coffee.
I don't think the house is as big as we hoped.
Very good job, sweetheart!
What time does the train usually leave?
Do you think Tom will come?
I gave the students a chance to say a few words too.
They wrote the specials on the chalkboard in multi-colored chalks.
That car's so big that parking is difficult.
The hailstones were as big as tennis balls.
We don't need to do everything on the list.
She wanted to be a professor when she was in high school, but then she realized how few academic jobs there are on the market.
All the swings are full.
His father owns the restaurant.
Tom also broke his big toe on his right foot.
Tokyo is a very large city.
The concert was a real disappointment.
The conversion rate of USD to Chinese RMB is approximately 1:6.
Mary is a fan of theirs.
São Paulo is the biggest producer of eggs in the country.
Is the door open?
I wished that father could be here to see this.
It's hard to distinguish fake news.
The train is coming early today.
The girl was wearing a denim jacket over a denim shirt and denim jeans.
Why would he go to all that effort for a free pack of ranch dressing?
It’s about as exciting as watching paint dry.
She washed the tomatoes.
She needed a kidney transplant.
If I may be honest, you're not looking good.
They're a guerilla movement.
A big fire broke out after the earthquake.
She started crying after she finished the song.
I'm going to crash at your place.
The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
He hung a picture on the wall.
Yes, I consider reading philosophy to be a form of therapy.
I want to talk about something.
This dress is too big for me.
Monday was not my best day.
These sunglasses are too shiny.
I have opened the door.
Did you really think you could just show up to school in a Yeti costume and nobody would ask any questions?
Most big Japanese firms depend on exports.
His boss might get angry with him.
Sarah found a lizard.
Being fashionable is not expensive.
She had always harbored a secret jealousy for Youtubers, even those who appeared outwardly dumb and were often mocked on Twitter.
I think she likes me.
She wished she had a key that could take her anywhere.
It’s as quick as lightning.
It's a big country, Tom.
The smoke was high in the sky.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
I love frozen yogurt.
I'd like to look at the wine list.
I'd heard you were on the waiting list.
It's her field.
Italians eat a large meal twice a day.
The birds flew south.
she’s lying or at least not telling the entire truth.
I went to the dentist the other day, and he let me pick a prize out of the prize box.
I want to plug my ears.
I dressed as a fairy last Halloween.
I just need a swimming pool.
It's quite a big deal, isn't it?
No burglar would ever have the heart to hurt a pet pig.
What's your favorite game to play?
You're not looking at the big picture here.
I do not like aquariums.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with.
Kim and Matt are members of the school swim team.
Nothing hurts like the truth.
The air conditioner stayed in the window well into December.
Her headphones were broken for the third time that month.
I'm always on time.
I will put my food on the placemat.
We generally sing songs all together.
You must have a huge family.
To do as you suggest would be out of the question.
She didn't understand why everyone loved his music so much.
I owe you a big one for getting me out of the jam.
I told Tom I'd try to find a bigger vase.
I have seen the real you.
I plan to weed the yard today.
Tom wants a house with a yard and a white picket fence.
I turn off the light.
The car was a fun spot to sit on.
I put my headphones on and listened to some smooth jazz.
Have you caught any big fish?
What do you need it for?
She wasn't sure how people with full-time jobs managed the lack of vacation days.
If you don't shut up, I will turn this car around.
She lied on her resume and said she had experience live-tweeting on Twitter when in fact she had never used social media in her life.
My friends are getting dinner tonight,.
England has the best language schools.
You must be happy.
He wanted to move in with his girlfriend, but she had painted every wall of her house pink, and he couldn't stand it.
She was curling her hair when she accidentally burned her forehead.
It's adorable that you think I like you.
My papa once told me he wasn’t scared of dying.
We need a car big enough for the whole family.
The green trees out the window swayed in the wind.
They will be here shortly.
Never do that again!
I've got a surprise for you.
He is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
Here's the shirt Tom gave me.
What should you do if you find a spider on your bed?
With these headphones, I can't hear anything.
A white shirt makes people look tan.
She smiled so hard her front tooth popped out.
Do you really think you'd be happy in a job like that?
She had never had prosecco but she wanted to try it.
We may have good reason to be proud of ourselves.
China is twenty times bigger than Japan.
That is fake news.
I advocate military action.
There used to be a big cherry tree in the garden.
The door slammed down on my hand, and I screamed like a little baby.
He made the hard decision but the right one.
I have three cats.
Bumble sucks.
She yelled at the kids for no legitimate reason.
I need to look at your car.
I'll see you tonight at eight.
Their mom asked them to sweep up the leaves.
My mom went on vacation and left my dad in charge of the house.
I’d be very surprised if that happened.
When I think about space too much, it feels like my brain is going to explode.
What are some things you don’t like to do and why?
Do you want a sandwich?
We can get Oreo ice cream.
There’s not much chance of that actually happening.
Are you really going to ignore me, after everything that happened yesterday?
Do you recognize this woman?
Our teacher often overlooked his name on the list.
What animal would you be and why?
Tom gave Mary a long kiss.
My big sister washes her hair every morning.
Here he comes to save the day!
She hated first dates.
He is in his normal clothes.
He wondered what else he could craft with those.
I didn't know what to wear to my best friend's funeral.
She gave me a dirty look.
I need to go back to school.
Problem solving is important.
I want you to remember that.
Her husband was there for the birth.
I've never voted with him on anything.
Did I tell you I saw a big rat in the kitchen?
That’s a huge load off my mind.
There was a list of available candidates.
A lovely day isn't it.
He was wearing a vest.
The computer is dying on me.
We can go to the oark.
All that glitters is not gold.
Last weekend, she wanted to go to the wedding, but she wasn't sure it was safe.
When do they test the tornado sirens?
His stomach was sore from the punch.
My dad never works on the weekends.
She felt bad about constantly complaining about her friends but they were driving her insane.
The train was forty-seven minutes late.
The store is having a sale.
I like crawfish but oysters suck.
She couldn't get a job because she didn't have a permanent address.
Do you have a bigger one?
She sat next to a mom with a baby on the train, and the baby threw up on her.
California is not in the United Kingdom.
He is holding his wrist.
I made bacon.
On her seventeenth birthday, she jumped from her house's third-floor balcony.
Donald made a list of things he wanted to do before he died.
We should be able to resolve our differences.
She was miserable the entire time she was pregnant.
They rode their bikes to the beach.
I went to the store and bought two bananas, a pear, and three apples.
When the pigeon pooped on her she screamed.
They were very surprised when their daughter ended up having green eyes.
I am afraid I have to go.
Can’t wait to meet the baby.
It’s four a.m. and both of us would rather be asleep.
Her Youtube video was demonetized because it had a copyrighted song in it.
You have a big house.
He had no idea how to build a car, but he figured it couldn't be that hard.
The church was white and brown and looked very old.
This morning, my pet turtle, Jim, got out of his cage, and it took me hours to find him.
The rest of the party attendees had fallen silent.
You're suffering from a heartbreak.
The guy I met online is probably a psychopath.
How beautiful she is!
She wanted to go to one of the places where she could paint on a ceramic and get it fired.
She bought a rotisserie chicken at the grocery store and its juices spilled all over the inside of her canvas bag.
I thought about possibly taking it over myself.
You're taking a risk coming here.
You’re getting fat.
I owe Tom big time.
These dancers are like family.
She graduated high school in 2003.
This tree is bigger than all the others.
Taking chances can be risky.
That’s right, and don't you ever forget it!
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
She wished she could speak Italian.
This is the biggest party I've ever been to.
My hands are too big to fit into these gloves.
The key he was interested in was very old.
I have a small house.
She left her umbrella at her date's house, and because the date was so bad, couldn't' return to get it.
The woman wasn't replying to her emails.
He gets up early every day.
She went over to see if her name was there.
Wiggle your fingers!
They should hang out.
He said the telegram had arrived at noon.
He's got some brain condition that makes him think he's a flamingo.
I just got hired at this restaurant.
I was in so much pain I didn’t want to get up in the morning.
It was a massive lightning storm.
He showed us how to snap the pencil.
I want many things for myself.
I had to check Facebook to figure out her last name.
I own a lot of property in Beijing.
I don't like close spaces.
To be honest, she didn't know what to do.
Let me see!
He had to wear the cast for two months.
How long was she on the run before they caught her?
Would you like a nice warm slice of apple pie?
I can't tell you who's on the list because I haven't seen it yet.
You look so amazing in that red dress and heels.
The blacksmith makes old-fashioned swords.
She knows New York like the back of her hand.
The cactus was turning yellow around the edges.
My phone died in the middle of the concert.
I got a smoothie while I was waiting for my plane to arrive.
We will match whatever you put down.
I want to invest in some stocks now.
We went to Paris this afternoon.
He didn't like the beach because he didn't like sand.
Today's paper says that a big typhoon is approaching.
The movie industry became a big business.
They gave a big party for me.
They are so loud.
He is my classmate.
every decision has an antecedent.
I wouldn’t be surprised if Peter asked Jill to marry him.
She spent a lot of money on books.
She went to Oktoberfest and got drunk on half a stein of beer.
the number of miraculous self-healings will rise.
Everybody is expecting a bonus.
What's the deal with Tom?
It's the third largest city in Serbia.
Traveling in a helicopter is scary.
In Chicago, in December, it got dark at 4 pm.
Tom's house is at least twice as big as mine.
She had multiple jobs to make the ends meet.
You use this after something broken has been repaired.
I love this headline so much.
I am grateful for my friends.
I want white teeth.
A ninety-year-old man finished the Athens marathon last year.
Can you come over now?
The cafe is empty aside from an old man reading a book about Aristotle.
I’ve been able to cure my neighbor’s sick cat.
She liked the wallpaper in her room, but her mom insisted they remove it and put up paint instead.
He couldn't afford to eat anything but ramen and rice.
Why do they call New York the Big Apple?
It's been three months and his stab wound hasn't healed yet.
I want to know what is going on.
He worked in a city hospital.
We have cardio classes everyday.
The play ran a big advertisement in the newspapers.
It makes a difference to me.
The view is breathtaking.
I'm going to the mall.
People living in a big city tend to lack exercise.
The wind was strong today in the city.
That's one of her favorite activities: to put on a classic rock playlist and wake surf until she couldn't feel her legs.
How many kids do you want to have?
That is a pencil.
She liked the coffee shop, but the prices were too high for her to justify for herself.
Seen from a distance, the rock looks like an old castle.
Nicky is a carpenter and 911 operator.
He does laundry in his basement.
She bought the book because she liked the movie, not realizing the two were very different.
She found a cool vintage sweatshirt while thrifting.
I need to stop.
Your house is beautiful.
He doesn’t teach math.
I drink when I am thirsty.
He’s stretching the truth.
She had a grudge against GrubHub.
There used to be a pine tree in front of my house.
My buddy is going to pick me up after school and give me a ride to work.
I feel bad for telling him to wait.
There was a point in my life when my dreams didn't seem possible.
I’ll talk to him first thing in the morning.
Tom is a big shot.
Those are big watermelons.
Look at me, Mom!
These dogs are so sweet.
That's the biggest grasshopper I've ever seen.
She was drenched the moment she stepped outside.
I can't swim after I drink milk.
Aluminum helps to keep your food fresh for longer.
I like the smell of rain.
There was a fire last night.
Rania is his own dearest enemy.
He's in debt to the bank because he bought that big house.
I wish I could give you a big birthday hug.
She preferred Pages to Word but had to use Word for the people who didn't have Apple devices.
I made a list of people I wanted to invite to my party.
Her ex-boyfriend showed up on her doorstep, crying.
I tie my tie.
I opened the box and found a small ring in it.
I made some eggs.
I want racecars to be legal for average people.
Diamonds are forever.
It's not going to be a problem.
This big sofa is really not suitable for a small room.
She was an extremely fast typer, and could usually manage over ninety words a minute.
I want you to tell me the truth.
May I come in?
You can apply online if you want to.
This could become a problem.
He wanted to get the cheese so badly.
Her parents had been separated for almost three years, but she never expected them to actually go through with the divorce.
That makes a big difference, doesn't it?
I just passed the funniest bridge.
I have no doubt that you’re going to nail this interview.
Do you have any hidden talents?
It rather suprised me.
It was windy and my hair was blowing all over my face.
No, I can't clean your house It's too big!.
She thought squirrels tasted gross, but if she complained, her parents would yell at her.
Save your appetite for dinner.
As luck would have it I found a pen at the bottom of my bag.
My lunch included a peanut butter sandwich, crackers, juice, and a cheese stick.
He was dressed for work.
She’s as stubborn as a mule.
Doing more exercise will help you get rid of a few kilos.
That guy's got an ugly face.
That is not a pencil.
I want to stand up.
You had me worried for a moment.
Are you all right?
He had green welding goggles and when he wore them, he looked like a frog.
My eyes are sweating.
I'm sorry to inform you and the rest of Elegante that I will no longer be working effective immediately.
She loved going to bookstores but she hated spending money there.
These are used for cautioning someone to wait and not make a bad decision.
I have the list.
I am just extremely proud of him.
He made his way through the forest.
Do you consider yourself a liberal or a conservative?
She is my mother.
She came up behind him when he was on the phone.
She's laying her first egg.
We are going to have the best day.
She had never appreciated radio news shows.
I have 10 hair straighteners.
I'd like us to repair our differences.
This will make a real difference.
Look at that pumpkin!
It is usually the best singer who wins the show.
He goes to football every day.
He assured me he would keep his promise.
The Ariake Sea is one of the biggest tidelands in Japan.
It isn't a coincidence that billionaires love this plan.
She only paid six dollars for it, then sold it online for forty-two.
This is the biggest dog in the world.
She bought her shoes at a fake market in Shanghai, where they cost her only $5.
I don't want to live in a mansion.
This should help you remember.
Tom has some pretty big shoes to fill.
I won’t phone my friend till Bob arrives.
I went to California with my mom for a weekend girl's trip.
I’d like to honor a person.
Our translator speaks 4 languages.
There've been some big changes made around here.
Her mother offered to send her money every month, but she was too embarrassed to accept it.
She didn't have anything to do, so she wandered around the city.
The kids were smiling from ear to ear.
She found an old piece of paper under the fridge that had writing all over it.
Tiles are the hardest thing I've had to install so far.
My brother is big enough to travel alone.
Why not?
Tom would have a big problem with that.
I’m rather fond of him.
There was a flaky yellow stain on the living room floor from where the dog had peed.
I'd like you to show me where the sweaters are.
He liked chocolate and banana milkshakes because his mom used to make them when he was sick.
My big brother shared his cake with me.
The professor marked down one point for every use of the word 'interesting' in a paper.
I like geography and science.
I don’t think you did a good enough job.
The feelings on my side were real.
This place is big enough for both of us.
My daughter does the laundry.
Keep it up!
Can you let me know when you're here?
His mom let him play with a slingshot.
I planned to walk home, but my feet got so sore I had to find a bus stop instead.
Options are limited.
The train leaves in ten minutes.
Their impressive literacy skills must be mentioned.
Do you mind if I smoke?
He was in desperate need of a Christmas miracle.
Once you begin you must continue.
I wonder if she dressed herself as hastily as we did: the room still dark, neither of us awake enough to remember to turn on the light switch, the echo of the telephone bells in our ears.
There is nothing else to do today.
She had a hard time guessing what women were nannies and which ones were mothers themselves.
She wanted to go to Portland just to go to the bookstores.
Mother doesn't make things up.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
The footballers were very upset when they cancelled the game because of lightning threats.
Shape up or ship out!
These places are so beautiful.
He’s as mad as a hornet.
That will do.
You owe me one after what you did at my birthday party.
The bigger boys torment the little ones.
What day is it today?
You need therapy.
You are making a big mistake.
That is a big deal.
Democracy over what we work on is called socialist
She wanted her grandmother's old bike, but the tires were worn out and she couldn't find a shop that could replace them.
He plays the violin as well as the fiddle.
It’s as clear as mud.
Hairless cats look demonic.
The fan is blowing in my face right now.
My Airpods keep falling out of my ears.
My family isn't such a big family.
It's just too bad about the people though.
She wished she could get paid to go to school for the rest of her life.
I like blueberries and mangoes but not strawberries.
She swims every morning.
Grief is a ritual.
They got off on the wrong foot.
We know that everything we need to do is on the list.
People are really out there thinking we can stop fascism by pointing out that they made factually inaccurate statements somewhere along the way.
It’s right around the corner.
She had so many books that she stacked them and used them as tables.
I only eat glazed donuts.
Are your grandparents still living?
The kid had made it his mission to pee in every pool he swam in.
It’s been keeping me up at night.
Capitalism efficiently allocates resources according to our needs and wants.
Honesty is the best policy.
I will take you to the movies only if you wait for me outside.
I’m on the fence.
There are too many people talking at once.
I am a little mad right now.
She prefers to take a vitamin capsule.
Allergies made him sneeze a lot.
It really bugged me.
This shop is much nicer.
Could you tell me the way to the station?
The dog was exceedingly cute, except for when he was pooping.
everything is so expensive.
The siblings could help each other.
Sadie put Richard's suggestion down on her to-do list.
I love bacon, eggs, and orange juice for breakfast.
Books are hard to get into.
Hand me the hammer!
His appearance terrified her and she screamed.
She’s as white as a sheet.
Alone in the big city, I began to get homesick.
She whispered into the girl's ear.
This is a real step forward.
She was wearing a white sweatshirt under a black winter coat.
She really didn't like the color pink, but she loved purple.
The old man liked to watch birds and go hunting for squirrels.
The books will be difficult to find in Japan.
I am looking for a job.
She likes scrambled egg whites, but not scrambled eggs.
How big is your house?
Mike likes dogs.
The old lady needed help crossing the street.
Please, take pity on me!
The giraffe licked the tree and spat at the gorilla.
Bobsled is a sporting event.
Northwestern is a great school.
He would snore loudly during his nap.
What time should I drop the kids off at school?
How big a problem is it?
I only like certain brands of clothes.
You should eat them.
That's it, go to time-out!
It’s not very likely that she went out for lunch.
You don’t listen to me.
Women are statistically less likely to be hired for any given job.
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
I don't think I liked the movie.
The girl had very long, very pretty hair and round glasses.
She considered reporting her landlord for inhospitable living conditions, but she was worried they would retaliate against her.
Have you ever crossed a river as big as this one?
Have you got a match?
It’s difficult to say, but I think our customers are more satisfied.
Does he have a big family?
It was a miracle: the Trader Joe's cashier let her check out in peace.
I have a good idea.
I wanted a little more than that, to be perfectly honest, Trevor.
She was depressed by the unrelenting forward march of time.
We can’t get there on time.
When are they opening the doors?
You should brush your teeth soon.
His father runs a restaurant.
He’s as strong as an ox.
She liked to pickle all her vegetables, even carrots and onions.
who will do all the housework?
He is my colleague.
Their names were crossed off the list.
I entered Tom's name on the list of candidates.
People always have justifications for hurting others, but they are rarely good justifications.
You may take either the big box or the small one.
Pandas should come hug me.
I think I can hear a baby crying.
There are biscuits on the table if you want some.
I like asparagus and brussel sprouts.
Tom Jackson was one of the names I recognized on that list.
You can’t go out with everyone who fancies you.
How long have you been seeing her?
I was not in a good mood on Friday.
We pay it tax in the form of rent and profit.
He got a tattoo with another woman.
I also did not want to just close it down.
Going to the city is a good time to dress up.
The girl was sitting on the ledge.
